[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
[ URINATING ]
[ DOOR SLAMS ]
YOU'RE NOT GETTING
AWAY WITH THIS!
PALMER.
YEAH?
YOU ASSHOLE.
OOPS.
HEY!
S-STOP!
DID THAT JUST HAPPEN?
YOU MEANT TO DO THAT!
NO, YOU STARTLED ME.
YEAH, YOU MEANT
TO DO THAT.
S-- NO, I DON'T
THINK I DID.
LISTEN, THIS WASN'T SOME
WEST ENGLEWOOD DRUG SWEEP.
THE SEARCH WAS GOOD.
THERE'S NO CHANCE
CARTER TOSSES IT.
WILL YOU CALM DOWN?
THAT'S WHY THEY CALL IT
AN EVIDENTIARY HEARING.
WHAT, SO YOU CAN SMEAR ME?
IMPLY THAT I INVENTED
A PHANTOM WITNESS?
DID YOU?
THE -- THE JADED LAWYER
WITH NO, UH, NO RESPECT
FOR THE LAW.
THAT'S ORIGINAL.
THAT'S ME?
I RESPECT
THE LAW JUST FINE.
I'M JUST NOT
IN AWE OF IT.
I'M NOT ENCUMBERED
BY IT.
IF THE GREAT STATE
OF ILLINOIS
CAN'T MEET
ITS BURDEN OF PROOF,
IF I WALK WITH A GUILTY CLIENT,
IT'S ON YOU.
SO I SUGGEST YOU DO
YOUR JOB, KATTAN.
NOW, IF YOU'D LIKE TO FINISH
THAT CLICHé,
YOU FOLLOWED ME
INTO THE PISSER TO UNLOAD.
DID IT INVOLVE
MY REFLECTION?
MAYBE SLEEPING AT NIGHT,
HOW DO I DO IT?
I DO IT
ON A TEMPUR-PEDIC BED...
[ SIGHS ]
...IN A HIGHLAND PARK
HOME...
WITH A FERRARI
IN THE DRIVEWAY...
NEXT TO A LOVING WIFE
WITH THE ASS
OF A HIGH SCHOOL VOLLEYBALLER.
AND -- AND -- AND HOW
DOES IT FEEL, HANK,
KNOWING EVERY PERSON
YOU REPRESENT IS GUILTY?
IT'S FINE.
INNOCENT PEOPLE
CAN'T AFFORD ME.
[ CLANG ]
BURDEN OF PROOF, KATTAN.
Man:
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
YOU SAID THIS
WOULDN'T GO TO TRIAL.
I'M SORRY,
DID I SAY THAT?
I HIRED YOU
TO MAKE THIS GO AWAY.
WRONG. YOU HIRED ME
BECAUSE WE BOTH KNOW
YOU WOULDN'T LAST TWO DAYS
IN A FEDERAL PENITENTIARY.
STOP TELLING ME
HOW TO DO MY JOB.
DO I TELL YOU
HOW TO COMMIT FRAUD,
DENY COVERAGE
TO TERMINALLY ILL POLICY HOLDERS
OR EMBEZZLE $140 MILLION
WHILE YOU'RE AT IT?
I WOULDN'T DO THAT
'CAUSE THAT'S YOUR GIG.
THAT'S YOUR FORTE.
I'M HEARING YOU.
I'M GLAD.
[ CELLPHONE VIBRATES ]
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
Gus: ALL RISE.
COURT IS IN SESSION.
THE HONORABLE JUDGE
STANLEY CARTER PRESIDING.
BE SEATED.
Judge: BEFORE I RULE
ON THE DEFENSE MOTION,
IS THERE ANYTHING EITHER
COUNSEL WOULD CARE TO ADD?
Kattan: YES, YOUR HONOR.
WE WOULD LIKE TO REMOVE
ANY DOUBT
AS TO THE VALIDITY
OF OUR SEARCH.
YOUR -- YOUR HONOR, CAN
I...APPROACH, YOUR HONOR?
[ SIGHS ]
UH, I NEED A CONTINUANCE.
ABSOLUTELY NOT!
MY MOM PASSED AWAY
THIS MORNING.
Kattan: MY ASS.
I'LL REPLAY IT.
IS THIS THE FIRST TIME
YOUR MOM PASSED AWAY,
OR IS THIS SOMETHING
YOU DO ON ALL THE CASES
YOU'RE ABOUT TO LOSE?
I'M SORRY FOR YOUR LOSS.
THANK YOU.
FIRST TIME.
WHAT A SCHMUCK YOU ARE.
YOU KNOW,
HE -- HE PEED ON ME.
JUST NOW IN THE RESTROOM.
I WENT IN TO TALK TO HIM.
KATTAN, STEP AWAY.
Lauren: DADDY, ARE YOU SAD
ABOUT YOUR MOM?
YEAH, BABY.
I WISH YOU'D MET HER.
WHY CAN'T I GO
WITH YOU?
'CAUSE IT'S DEPRESSING.
YOU DON'T WANT TO GO.
SO, GRANDPA PALMER'S
DEAD, TOO?
NO, GRANDPA PALMER'S
DEAD TO ME.
THAT'S LIKE
A FIGURE OF SPEECH.
YOU MIGHT HAVE MISHEARD
SOMETHING I SAID.
SOUNDS COMPLICATED.
I SHOULD GO WITH YOU.
TRUST ME.
NOBODY WANTS TO GO
TO CARLINVILLE, INDIANA.
EVERYBODY WANTS TO LEAVE.
YOU LOOKING FOR SOMETHING?
HMM?
YOU GOT MY BIT-O-HONEY,
OLD MAN?
CHECK IT OUT.
I LOVE YOU, BABY.
DON'T EAT IT
BEFORE BREAKFAST.
GOT YOU.
MM-HMM.
[ SIGHS ] IS THERE
SOMETHING I CAN DO?
THEY'RE MY IN-LAWS.
I FEEL LIKE WE SHOULD --
LOU SHRUBNER.
IS THAT
YOUR DIVORCE ATTORNEY?
HE'S GOOD.
SHE'LL BE LIVING
WITH ME, BY THE WAY.
HANK.
HANK!
WHAT TIME DOES SCHOOL START
IN THE MORNING, HANK?
WHAT'S
HER TEACHER'S NAME?
BROWNIE MEETINGS
ARE WHICH NIGHT?
SOCCER?
[ Muted ]
WHAT'S HER FAVORITE COLOR?
WHO'S HER BEST FRIEND?
WHAT DOES SHE EAT
FOR BREAKFAST?
DO YOU EVEN KNOW
HER PEDIATRICIAN'S NAME?
HIS PHONE NUMBER?
YOU GOT THAT ON YOU?
I'M NOT GONNA LET YOU
PUNISH HER FOR THIS.
OKAY, SHE UNDERSTANDS.
SHE KNOWS IT'S NOT RIGHT
THAT HER DADDY'S NEVER HOME
BEFORE HER BEDTIME.
[ Normal volume ] HE'S ALWAYS
ON HIS PHONE ON THE WEEKENDS.
SHE KNOWS
THAT IT'S NOT RIGHT
THAT HER MOM
IS SAD ALL THE TIME.
SAD? YOU'RE SAD?
YES!
I'M SORRY YOU FELT SO SAD,
YOU GOT ON FACEBOOK,
FRIENDED YOUR OLD
GORE-TEX-WEARING
COLLEGE BUDDY JOSH
AND FUCKED HIM.
HE'S SO RUGGED.
HE'S SO WISE.
I DON'T KNOW WHY YOU'RE
NOT HANGING OFF A MOUNTAIN
WITH HIM
IN A NET RIGHT NOW.
[ ENGINE TURNS OVER ]
[ SIGHS ]
WANT TO DO
SOMETHING FOR ME?
WATER THE FUCKING
HYDRANGEAS.
[ ENGINE REVS, TIRES SCREECH ]
OH, GOD, HERE WE GO.
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
NOTHING CHANGES.
HEY, HANK.
HEY, DALE.
MISSED YOU.
HER HEART
JUST KIND OF TURNED OFF.
[ CHUCKLES ]
I FOUND HER
BY THE HYDRANGEAS.
GOOD JOB.
OH, THIS IS ST. FRANCIS.
I PICKED.
'CAUSE HE WAS HER FAVORITE.
FRIEND TO THE BIRDS,
LIKE MOM --
OH, GOT TO REMEMBER
TO PUT FOOD OUT FOR THEM,
ESPECIALLY
IN THE WINTER.
MM.
HE'S -- HE'S GENTLE,
LIKE MOM USED TO BE.
RAN THE SNAKES OUT OF INDIANA,
AND DON'T ASK ME HOW.
IRELAND?
OUT OF IRELAND.
SNAKES ARE YOUR CONSTANT,
BUT ST. PATRICK,
NOT ST. FRANCIS.
AND IT WAS IRELAND,
NOT INDIANA.
TRUST ME, NO ONE IS DISPERSING
REPTILES IN INDIANA.
WERE YOU THERE?
I WAS NOT THERE.
Dale:
MAYBE YOU'RE RIGHT.
HANK PALMER
IN CARLINVILLE.
THERE HE IS.
THAT'S -- THE CARDINAL
IS THE STATE BIRD, AND...
HEY.
HEY, GLEN.
I JUST SAW YOU
A FEW MINUTES AGO.
WHERE'D YOU PARK?
I'M ON THE STREET.
ALL RIGHT.
I PARKED UP --
TRIED TO GET A SPACE
IN THE BIG LOT.
I HAD TO GO AROUND,
BUT I EVENTUALLY FOUND ONE.
HERE YOU GO.
WHERE'S THE FAMILY?
COULDN'T MAKE IT.
SCHOOL.
OH, I DIDN'T KNOW
THAT KIDS IN CHICAGO,
THEY GO TO SCHOOL
IN THE SUMMER.
THERE ISN'T. THEY JUST DO --
THEY GOT -- I'M ALONE.
WHAT'S THE STORY?
THERE IS NO STORY.
OH.
DO YOU HAVE ANYTHING ELSE TO SAY
FOR YOURSELF, MR. WILLIAMS?
ANYTHING THAT WOULD ENLIGHTEN US
CONCERNING YOUR SITUATION?
WHAT DO YOU WANT TO HEAR?
YOU KNOW, NOBODY'S HIRING.
YOU CAN'T GET SPINACH
OUT OF A TURNIP.
I CAN'T AFFORD
TO PAY CHILD SUPPORT.
YOU CAN'T, HUH?
THAT YOUR NEW TRUCK
OUT FRONT?
WHICH ONE?
YEAH.
"'Yeah' is not
an affirmation..."
"YEAH" IS NOT AN AFFIRMATION
A MAN USES IN COURT.
YES, SIR.
JUDGE, YOUR HONOR.
KEYS!
GO ON. PITCH THEM.
AND, UH...
OH.
AUGUSTUS, JUDGE.
OF COURSE.
GUS, UH,
WOULD YOU GIVE THOSE
TO MR. WILLIAMS' EX-WIFE,
PLEASE?
THEN ESCORT MR. WILLIAMS
TO HIS EX-TRUCK.
YOU'RE GONNA SIGN
THAT VEHICLE OVER TO HER.
AND YOU, MA'AM, ARE GONNA
GO DOWN TO DEVANEY MOTORS,
ASK FOR MIKE DEVANEY -- THE
FATHER, NOT THE NITWIT SON --
AND SELL YOUR NEW TRUCK
BACK TO HIM
FOR WHATEVER THE "TURNIP" THERE
PUT DOWN ON IT.
THIS AIN'T FAIR.
HOW --
HEY! ONE MORE WORD.
GO ON.
LOOK AROUND YOU.
YOU'RE STANDING IN ONE
OF THE LAST GREAT CATHEDRALS
IN THIS COUNTRY,
BUILT ON THE PREMISE
THAT YOU AND YOU ALONE
ARE RESPONSIBLE
FOR THE CONSEQUENCES
OF YOUR ACTIONS.
NOW, YOU STILL WANT FAIR?
ALL RIGHT. HEAD NORTH.
STOP WHEN YOU GET
TO INDIANAPOLIS.
TRACTOR PULLS, COTTON CANDY,
KETTLE CORN,
AND THE WORLD'S LARGEST STEER.
FIRST WEEK IN AUGUST.
YOU'LL LOVE IT.
OH, I FORGOT.
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
YOU DON'T HAVE A TRUCK.
[ LAUGHTER ]
THANK YOU VERY MUCH,
JUDGE.
WANT ME TO TELL YOU WHAT,
UH, CAUSES THAT, MA'AM?
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
THANK YOU, FELLAS.
I APPRECIATE
YOU ALL BEING HERE,
BUT WHO'S OUT GUARDING
THE DONUT SHOP?
[ LAUGHTER ]
Woman: SHE WAS
A GOOD WOMAN, JOSEPH.
YES, SHE WAS.
GRACE AND I ARE HERE
IF YOU NEED ANYTHING.
IT MEANS A LOT TO ME.
SORRY FOR YOUR LOSS.
GOOD FRIENDS ALWAYS.
GOOD TO SEE YOU, SIR.
CHIEF, GOOD MAN.
THANKS FOR COMING.
WHOLE FORCE OUT, HUH?
HENRY.
JUDGE.
YEAH.
OH, JOHNNY BOY.
I'M SO SORRY.
THANK YOU.
THANK YOU, ROSE.
I'M GONNA SHOWER UP
AND HIT THE RACK.
UH, GLEN, MAKE SURE YOU HOLD
YOUR BOYS TOGETHER TOMORROW.
WE DON'T WANT A LOT
OF CATERWAULING.
WILL DO, JUDGE.
I GET IT'S BEEN A WHILE,
HANK,
BUT BACKING A CAR
INTO A DRIVEWAY
TO MAKE GETTING OUT EASIER IS
A CONCEPT NOT DULLED BY TIME.
THANK YOU.
RIGHT?
GOT IT.
BE MY GUEST!
PLEASE.
HOW YOU DOING?
Dale: I HAD TO WATER
THE PLANTS.
YOU GONNA BE OKAY
AT THE FUNERAL TOMORROW?
YEAH.
THAT CAMERA
MAKES AN APPEARANCE,
WE BOTH KNOW WHERE
IT'S HEADING, RIGHT?
MM?
UP MY ASS.
GOOD MAN.
TOUGH DAY.
[ SIGHS ]
YEP.
AT THE WAKE,
HE SHAKES MY HAND
WHILE HE'S HUGGING
EVERYONE ELSE.
THIS FAMILY'S
A FUCKING PICASSO PAINTING.
[ SNORES ]
YOUR ROOM HAS ALL DAD'S
IMPORTANT STUFF.
IT'S CRAZY.
I MEAN --
OH!
[ CLATTERING ]
MAGIC 8 BALL.
"IT IS CERTAIN."
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
HEY, HANK.
WANT SOME BREAKFAST?
BETTER HUSTLE IF YOU DO.
"HEY, HANK. GOING TO BREAKFAST
AT THE DINER. CARE TO JOIN?"
"OKAY, WHEN?"
"RIGHT NOW."
"HELL, YEAH.
CAN I THROW ON SOME PANTS?"
"SURE,
YOU'RE A FAMILY MEMBER.
WE'RE PREPARED TO OFFER YOU
THAT CONSIDERATION."
ANY OF THAT SOUND
REASONABLE?
COME HERE EVERY SATURDAY
FOR THE LAST 35 YEARS.
OH, I FORGOT,
TODAY'S ABOUT YOU.
COFFEE.
Judge: LET'S GO.
WE'LL SEE YOU THERE, HANK.
I'LL BE RIGHT ALONG.
STILL LETTING HIM
WIND YOU UP?
SAM.
HENRY.
I'M SURPRISED
YOU STILL WORK HERE.
I-IN A GOOD WAY --
YOU KNOW, IN THE WAY
THAT PEOPLE ARE SURPRISED WHEN
THEY -- SOMEBODY YOU KNOW IS --
YOU DISCOVER THEY'VE
HAD THE SAME JOB FOR
[SIGHS] 20 YEARS.
STOP IT.
LOOK AT THAT --
YOU KEPT YOUR HAIR.
LIKE SAWING SAWDUST.
ALL THAT WORRY FOR NOTHING.
ANY OTHER FEARS
COME TRUE?
THIS, JUST NOW.
OLD GIRLFRIENDS,
SEEING THEM.
STOP STARING.
I KNOW I LOOK GOOD.
I'M SORRY ABOUT YOUR MOM.
SHE AND I STAYED CLOSE.
UH, I JUST SAW HER TUESDAY.
MYSTERIOUS WAYS.
[ CHUCKLES ]
I'M ASSUMING YOU STILL KNOW
WHERE THE CEMETERY IS.
OH, YEAH, YOU'RE INVITED.
OF COURSE YOU ARE.
WOLF IT. YOU GOTTA GO.
SURPRISED I AM.
SEE YOU THERE.
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
YOU'VE ALWAYS BEEN MY SWEETHEART
AND YOU ALWAYS WILL BE.
I WANT YOU TO KNOW THAT.
I'LL BE BACK TOMORROW.
[ SIGHS ]
AND EVERYDAY AFTER THAT.
GOODBYE, BYE, BYE, BYE.
HANK'S FEET
ARE ON THE COUCH.
INDEED.
HEY, GLEN, MY NEPHEW
STILL PLAYING BALL?
THINK EITHER OF THEM COULD
EVER BE AS GOOD AS YOU?
YES. YES, JOE IS HITTING
CLEANUP IN VARSITY.
ERIC WOULDN'T KNOW
A BASEBALL
IF YOU THREW IT AT HIM
AND IT HIT HIM IN THE HEAD.
ANYWAY,
FOR WHAT IT'S WORTH...
NONE OF MY BUSINESS...
KEEP AN EYE
ON THE JUDGE.
I THINK HE'S...
HE'S DRINKING.
ARE YOU CRAZY? DAD HAS BEEN
SOBER FOR 28 YEARS.
I WAS AT THE COURTHOUSE.
HE FORGOT GUS'S NAME.
GUS.
GUS THE BAILIFF.
OH, COME ON.
JUST SAYING.
THAT'S BULLSHIT.
WHAT TIME IS YOUR FLIGHT
TOMORROW?
8:15. CAN'T WAIT.
FIRST FLIGHT OUT.
MAKE YOURSELF
AT HOME THERE, HENRY.
I'M GOING
FOR GROCERIES.
SHOULD GLEN DRIVE YOU?
I DON'T KNOW, DALE.
DOES BEING WIDOWED MAKE ME
A LOUSY GODDAMN DRIVER?!
HUH?
HANK, IF I DON'T SEE YOU
BEFORE YOU --
BEFORE YOU LEAVE, UH...
THANKS FOR COMING.
I'M SURE YOUR MOTHER
WOULD HAVE APPRECIATED IT.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
HONEY, WE'RE GONNA GO
TO FIREFLY FOR A DRINK.
NO.
COME ON!
I'M GONNA GO TO BED.
NO.
DRINK.
OKAY.
DALE, YOU COMING?
HANK, HE THREW THINGS AT US
TO GET OUR ATTENTION,
NOT TO DRAW BLOOD.
YOU KNOW THAT, RIGHT?
NO, HE ISSUED K-9 COMMANDS
TO GET OUR ATTENTION.
HE HURLED PERIODICALS
FOR SPORT.
Glen: PLEASE, WITH ALL
THE TROUBLE YOU MADE,
YOU'RE LUCKY
THAT'S ALL YOU GOT.
Bartender: HEY, THANKS
FOR SHOWING UP, CARLA.
YEAH, I KNOW I'M LATE, BILLY.
SO SUE ME.
GO GET SOME...PLEASE.
HE WAS TOUGH, BUT --
AH, COME ON,
IT WASN'T THAT BAD.
REMEMBER FISHING?
I REMEMBER THE LAKE HOUSE.
YEAH, THAT'S RIGHT.
HE USED TO TELL US
ALL TO BE QUIET.
Together:
"YOU'RE SCARING THE FISH AWAY!"
[ CHUCKLES ]
AND HE STILL GOES THERE
EVERY WEDNESDAY
TO PLAY CHESS
WITH DOC MORRIS.
HE LOVES THAT PLACE.
Man:
HEY, DON'T I KNOW YOU?
DON'T YOU RUN THE TIRE AND RIM
SHOP OVER ON STATE?
THAT'S RIGHT.
PALMER?
I KNOW YOU, TOO.
YOU'RE THE LITTLE DIMWIT
SHUTTERBUG RETARD
ALWAYS WITH THE SHITTY
OLD MOVIE CAMERA.
EASY.
JUDGE PALMER'S
YOUR OLD MAN?
HE THINKS HE RUNS
THIS TOWN, DON'T HE?
YOUR DAD'S
A PIECE OF SHIT.
WAIT, WAIT, NO, NO.
WE'RE NOT --
I AIN'T AFRAID OF YOU!
YOU KNOW WHAT?
[ INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
LET'S GO!
COME ON, MOTHERFUCKER!
I TOLD YOU ALREADY!
WHO'S ON PROBATION?
WHO'S ON PAROLE?
YOU GUYS HAVE A LOW OPINION
OF JUDGE PALMER?
'CAUSE WHEN YOUR FIELD OFFICER'S
FILLING OUT HIS INCIDENT REPORT,
I'M GOING TO BE VERY HELPFUL,
HELPFUL AS POSSIBLE.
SO, LET ME GUESS --
WHO'S GOT THE FELONY DWI?
AH, YOU FLINCHED.
POSSESSION OF A CONTROLLED
SUBSTANCE, DOMESTIC VIOLENCE?
THAT'S YOU.
YOU ALL RIGHT, HONEY?
WHAT OTHER RANDOM MYRIAD
OF FUCKING MISDEMEANORS
IS GONNA COME TO LIGHT
WHILE YOU'RE DRYING OUT
IN THE SLAMMER?
FAILURE TO APPEAR,
BENCH WARRANTS? COME ON.
AND BECAUSE
I'M THE ONLY ONE
THAT ACTUALLY ISN'T DRIVING
WITH A SUSPENDED LICENSE,
I'LL BE DRIVING
YOUR GALS HOME.
SO, WHO LIVES CLOSER,
UH, BAD SKIN, MUFFIN-TOP,
OR RED BULL SEMEN BREATH?
[ INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
ASSHOLE!
THROW THAT PUNCH.
YOU LIKE COUNTY FOOD?
OH.
MAYBE JUST MY CLOSED FIST,
COUNSELOR,
IN MY OWN PERSONAL SPACE.
AND MAYBE I WAS GONNA ASK YOU
TO BLOW ON MY DICE.
THAT'S A METAPHOR.
I HEARD IT.
THAT'S GOOD. YOU'RE FUNNY.
LET'S GET THE HELL
OUT OF HERE.
GET SOME COUNSELING.
[ CHUCKLES ]
[ CARLA LAUGHS ]
DERSHOWITZ?
COME HERE.
YES?
[ CHUCKLES ]
UH, WHY DON'T YOU READ
MY BEADS.
MAYBE I'LL BUY YOU
A DRINK.
PUNCTUALITY ISSUES,
EQUAL CONFIDENCE IN BLOOM,
STRONG TEETH,
INCEST-FREE GENE POOL,
AND I'M GUESSING THE WETTER
YOU GET, THE BETTER YOU LOOK.
YOU'LL GO FAR.
WHAT ARE YOU HAVING?
Bartender:
LAST CALL, BOYS.
MM.
I -- OH, OH,
WHOA, WHOA, YOU'RE DONE.
[ CHUCKLES ]
[ SOFT MUSIC PLAYS ]
UGH.
Glen:
ARE YOU WATCHING FOR ME?
Hank: WHAT DO YOU THINK
I'M DOING? I'M YOUR EYES.
ALL RIGHT, JUST...
STRAIGHT.
YOU SMELL LIKE HER.
SHE SMELLS NICE.
WHAT IS THAT?
IT'S PLAY-DOH,
THAT'S WHAT THAT IS.
ARE YOU PAYING ATTENTION?
STRAIGHTEN IT OUT.
ALL RIGHT.
BACK.
BACK, BACK. EASY.
NICE, NICE.
STOP!
[ CRASH ]
[ CHUCKLES ]
FUCK.
YOU DID THAT ON PURPOSE.
NO, I DON'T THINK I DID.
NO, YOU DID IT ON PURPOSE.
YOU BANG IT OUT YOURSELF.
DALE, LET'S GO.
LET'S GO.
[ CHUCKLES ]
[ WOODEN WIND CHIMES DINGING ]
[ APPLE CRUNCHES ]
WHAT THE HELL DID HE HIT?
I WAS THINKING
A SIX-PACK.
Judge: GODDAMN IT!
WHICH ONE OF YOU PECKERWOODS
BANGED UP MY CAR?
ANSWER ME. WHO DID THIS?
DAD.
Hank: WHO DO YOU THINK?
WHO?!
WHO DROVE LAST?
WE SAW YOU LEAVE FOR
THE GROCERY STORE. COME ON.
AH.
GLEN.
WHERE ARE YOUR BOYS?
OH, DAD, THEY WOULDN'T
DRIVE YOUR CAR.
WAIT, WAIT, NO.
DON'T LET HIM PRETEND
THIS IS COMPLICATED.
THERE'S NO REASONABLE
DOUBT HERE.
HE'S HUMAN. HIS WIFE DIED,
HE FELL OFF THE WAGON,
BANGED UP THE CADDY.
DEAL. SHIT HAPPENS.
LIKE YOUR MARRIAGE.
WHAT DO YOU KNOW
ABOUT MY MARRIAGE?
I KNOW A LOT
ABOUT YOUR MARRIAGE.
YOU DON'T KNOW A FUCKING THING
ABOUT MY MARRIAGE.
I KNOW A LOT
ABOUT YOUR MARRIAGE.
SHE WAS MY WIFE LONG BEFORE
SHE WAS YOUR MOTHER.
WE KEPT NO SECRETS.
YOU TELL YOUR BROTHERS
YOU'RE GETTING A DIVORCE?
GO AHEAD, TELL THEM!
LISA PLAYED HIDE THE PICKLE
WITH SOMEONE ELSE.
[ CHUCKLES ]
I WONT BE BACK.
HAPPY TRAILS.
I WILL NEVER FUCKING
COME BACK HERE AGAIN.
GOOD!
[ ENGINE TURNS OVER ]
[ TIRES SCREECH ]
Attendant:
ATTENTION, PASSENGERS,
WE REQUEST THIS TIME
THAT YOU TURN OFF
ALL ELECTRONIC DEVICES.
[ CELLPHONE VIBRATES ]
[ VIBRATING CONTINUES ]
MAKE IT QUICK.
GLEN: Hank,
don't get on the plane.
I need you to come back.
Dad's --
I DON'T CARE, GLEN.
YOU'RE ON YOUR OWN.
Stop talking
and listen to me!
I GOT TO TURN OFF
THE PHONE.
Hank, just shut up
for a second!
Shut your mouth and listen
for once in your entire life!
WHAT IS IT, GLEN?
Sheriff --
sheriff white called --
called Dad
down to the police station.
They're asking questions
about the damage to the car.
They think that he --
I DON'T WANT TO HEAR IT.
UNLESS HE KILLED SOMEBODY,
YOU'RE ON YOUR OWN.
They found a body,
Hank.
Judge: "YOU MEAN, JUDGE,
I CAN MILK HER, KILL HER,
COOK HER, EAT HER EVEN,
BUT THAT'S ILLEGAL?"
[ LAUGHTER ]
TRUE STORY!
Hanson: MR. PALMER.
JUDGE PALMER,
DEPUTY HANSON.
SIR, DID ANYBODY OTHER THAN YOU
HAVE ACCESS TO YOUR VEHICLE?
NO, SIR. NO, SIR.
YOU GOT TO BE
SHITTING ME.
IS THIS AN INTERVIEW?
WE'VE GOT A WITNESS
THAT PUTS HIS CAR ON ROUTE 30
HEADING
TOWARDS SHELBY ROAD
AT THE APPROXIMATE TIME
OF THE ACCIDENT.
OH, BOY! BUT THAT'S NOT ENOUGH
TO PUT HIS CAR AT THE SCENE.
ANY STRIP-MALL LAWYER IS GONNA
CHEW THAT UP AND SPIT IT OUT.
STOLEN VEHICLE.
YOU NEED HIM
BEHIND THE WHEEL.
HANK, LET'S GO, PAL.
GO WHERE?
WHOA, "BOTH WAYS BOBBY,"
GRADUATION NIGHT.
THE QUARRY, YOUR RANCHERO.
I REMEMBER EVERYTHING.
YOU AND KEVIN THOMPSON
IN THE BACKSEAT,
NAKED, HUFFING WHIPPETS.
SHALL I CONTINUE?
I CAN ELABORATE.
IT'S JUST A RUMOR.
WHERE WERE WE?
[ SIGHS ]
HE'S BEEN ON THE OTHER SIDE
OF THE BENCH TOO LONG.
HE FORGETS, "IF YOU DON'T TALK,
YOU WALK."
WE DON'T HIDE BEHIND
THE LAW HERE.
THERE'S DAMAGE
TO THE FRONT OF MY CAR.
I WENT TO THE CONVENIENCE STORE
LAST NIGHT, ALL RIGHT?
EVERY WORD LIMITS HIS OPTIONS.
KEEP GOING.
IMAGINE A FARAWAY PLACE,
HANK...
WHERE PEOPLE VALUE
YOUR OPINION.
NOW GO THERE.
WHAT ABOUT BOOZE?
80% OF HIT-AND-RUNS
INVOLVE LIQUOR.
HIS WIFE JUST DIED.
WHY WOULDN'T HE TAKE A SWIG?
BUT YOU NEED
AN ADMISSION FROM HIM.
BETTER YET,
A VOLUNTARY URINE SAMPLE.
THERE YOU GO. FILL 'ER UP.
A BLADDER FULL
OF COURTESY COFFEE
AND A "SINCE YOU'RE IN THE JOHN
ANYWAY" SORT OF THING?
JUST MIGHT CATCH
HIM OFF GUARD.
WE CAN GET EVERYTHING WE NEED
FROM A HAIR SAMPLE.
SURE CAN.
NICE WORK, SHERIFF.
YOU SHOULD BE PROUD
OF YOURSELF.
YOU'LL BE HALFWAY
TO MANSLAUGHTER BY LUNCH.
JUDGE PALMER, WE'RE, UH --
WE'RE GONNA NEED
TO IMPOUND YOUR VEHICLE.
Hank:
TELL ME WHAT HAPPENED.
Judge:
I DON'T REMEMBER.
BECAUSE YOU WERE DRUNK?
NO, BECAUSE I CAN'T REMEMBER.
DON'T YOU THINK I WANT TO
REMEMBER?! I CAN'T!
FOR ALL I KNOW,
I NEVER HIT ANYTHING OR ANYBODY!
SO, I WAS
IN THE LIQUOR CABINET.
WHAT KIND OF RECOVERING
ALCOHOLIC KEEPS
A STOCKED LIQUOR CABINET?
NO, NO, NO,
NO, NO, NO, NO.
RECOVERED.
IT'S A REMINDER
THAT I'M STRONGER.
IT HOLDS NO POWER OVER ME.
RIGHT NOW, THAT COP HANSON'S
ON HIS WAY TO THE MINI MART...
OH.
...TO ASK SOME SCARED-SHITLESS
HIGH SCHOOL CLERK
WITH HALF A JOINT
IN HIS FRONT POCKET
IF YOU HAD THE ODOR
OF AN ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGE
ON YOUR BREATH.
DID YOU?
NO!
BLOODSHOT EYES?
SLURRED SPEECH?
NO!
[ TIRES SCREECH ]
[ ENGINE REVS ]
THEY SHOULDN'T
DRIVE TOGETHER.
I'M ON YOUR SIDE, JUDGE.
AND IF THIS GOES SOUTH,
AND IT MIGHT,
YOU NEED TO SAY WITH SOME
SEMBLANCE OF A STRAIGHT FACE
THAT YOU HAVEN'T HAD A DRINK
IN 28 YEARS.
WHAT'S DONE IS DONE.
IF YOU HIT SOMEBODY,
THEY SWERVED IN FRONT OF YOU.
I STRONGLY SUGGEST YOU DRY OUT
AND PRACTICE THAT NARRATIVE.
NARRATE THIS!
Hank: WE'RE JUST GONNA HAVE TO
FILE ANOTHER CONTINUANCE.
WHAT ELSE CAN I DO?
TRUST ME, I'M GONNA BE BACK
FAST AS I CAN.
IT'S A PERSONAL MATTER.
YEAH, I'D LOVE TO WALK OUT
ON IT, BUT I CAN'T.
[ CELLPHONE BEEPS ]
KAREN, HOLD ON.
WHY THE HELL
ARE YOU CALLING ME, LISA?
LAUREN?
HI, HONEY. WHAT ARE YOU DOING
WITH MOMMY'S PHONE?
NO, NO, DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
WHAT'S UP?
I MISS YOU, TOO.
BABY, I'LL SEE YOU SOON.
EITHER I'LL COME HOME,
OR MAYBE YOU'LL COME HERE.
LOOK, LOOK, WE'LL FIGURE IT OUT,
DON'T WORRY.
I PROMISE.
I'LL TAKE YOU SHOPPING.
YOU WANT TO GO SHOPPING?
WANT A CELLPHONE?
ALL YOUR OWN?
I'LL GET YOU...
DADDY HAS TO WORK.
YEAH.
Sheriff White: HANK...
FORENSICS FOUND TRACES OF BLOOD
ON YOUR DAD'S CAR.
SO?
DEEP IN THE GRILLE.
GREAT.
IT MATCHES THE VICTIM.
I'M SORRY.
IT'S MURDER TWO.
MURDER?
SO, ARE YOU A CLAIRVOYANT?
THAT'S NOT
THE WHOLE OF IT, SON --
HE'S JUST FUCKING
OUT OF HIS MIND.
THAT'S A ROOKIE MOVE.
CAREFUL.
VICTIM
IS MARK BLACKWELL.
PRETTY AMAZING COINCIDENCE,
DON'T YOU THINK?
BLACKWELL?
[ CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS ]
YOU KILLED HIM!
Glen: OH, SHIT,
THAT'S MRS. BLACKWELL.
YOU KILLED MY SON!
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT.
GO STRAIGHT TO THE CAR.
STRAIGHT IN.
THERE YOU GO.
WHEN MY LAWYERS
ARE DONE WITH YOU,
I'LL BE LIVING
IN YOUR HOUSE!
WE'RE SORRY
FOR YOUR LOSS, MA'AM.
SORRY?
LET'S GO, LET'S GO!
YOU WILL BE!
HANK, COME ON!
AND YOU CAN SHOVE
ALL THAT "MA'AM" SHIT.
Man: MOM.
GO!
I RECOGNIZE YOU.
MOM.
YOU'RE NO ALTAR BOY.
MNH-MNH.
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
[ SPITS ]
IT'S ALL RIGHT. LET'S GO.
LET'S GO, LET'S GO, LET'S GO.
[ TIRES SCREECH ]
[ SIGHS ]
WHY WERE THOSE PEOPLE
SO MAD?
SHE SPIT ON THE WINDOW.
LOOK, DAD'S A JUDGE,
YOU KNOW?
SOMETIMES, I MEAN, HE HAS TO
MAKE DIFFICULT DECISIONS.
THERE WAS A GIRL.
W-WHAT WAS HER NAME?
HOPE STEVENS.
THERE WAS A GUY, MARK BLACKWELL.
HE WAS A SENIOR, LIKE GLEN.
HOPE WAS HIS GIRLFRIEND,
JUST TURNED 16.
HE TOOK A .38 TO HER HOUSE,
SHOT THE PLACE UP.
CAN WE TALK ABOUT
SOMETHING ELSE?
I DON'T GET IT.
W-WHY --
HE SHOT OUT
HER BEDROOM WINDOWS,
ANGRY OVER WHATEVER KIDS
GET ANGRY ABOUT
WHEN THEY'VE BEEN, UH, DATING
FOR WHAT -- SIX MONTHS?
NOW, YOU LISTEN TO ME.
HE STOOD IN COURT
AND WEPT LIKE A LOST CHILD.
SAID HE WAS DRUNK,
WOULD NEVER DO IT AGAIN.
IF HE'D MEANT TO HURT HER,
HE WOULD HAVE.
I BELIEVED HIM!
I BELIEVED HIM.
I GAVE HIM THE MINIMUM --
30 DAYS.
I REMEMBER
THE MORNING HE GOT OUT.
GLEN AND I WERE
IN THE BACKYARD,
TINKERING WITH HIS [CHUCKLES]
WITH HIS BREAKING BALL.
PITCHING SCOUTS HAD STARTED
TO COME TO HIS GAMES,
FROM CINCINNATI,
ST. LOUIS.
BUT, UH...
GOD HELP US,
WHILE WE DID THAT...
[ SIGHS ]
BLACKWELL...
DRUG HER DOWN
TO A SPILL POND.
Glen: IT WAS ABOUT 50 YARDS
BEHIND HER HOUSE.
AND HE HAULED HER
INTO 2 FEET OF WATER
AND KNEELED ON HER CHEST
UNTIL HE DROWNED HER.
[ SIGHS ]
DAD GAVE HIM 20 YEARS.
HE GOT OUT IN APRIL.
STOP THE CAR.
DAD, COME ON.
SHIT-FOR-BRAINS,
AM I SPEAKING KOREAN?
STOP THE GODDAMN CAR!
[ SIGHS ]
I NEED MY WALK.
LEAVING THE SCENE,
BLOOD EVIDENCE, MOTIVE.
BIGGEST MISTAKE
OF YOUR CAREER,
AND YOU JUST HAPPEN
TO RUN HIM OVER?
I COULD CONVICT YOU
OVER COFFEE.
BUT, NO, NO,
ROUTINES ARE IMPORTANT.
CLOSE THE DOOR.
GO.
IF THE BLOOD MATCHES, AND I HAVE
NO REASON TO DOUBT IT DOES,
THEN I MUST HAVE
CLIPPED HIM.
I DON'T REMEMBER ANY OF THAT.
THE "I DON'T REMEMBER WHAT
HAPPENED" DEFENSE
DOESN'T FLY WITH A CORPSE.
WE NEED TO ESTABLISH
A FIRM DEFENSE.
WE GOT TO GET
THE CHARGES DROPPED
AND MAKE IT ALL GO AWAY
AT THE PRELIMINARY HEARING.
WE NEVER GO TO TRIAL.
THERE'S NO "WE" HERE,
HENRY.
THIS WAS AN ACCIDENT,
PERIOD.
ANY DECENT LAWYER
CAN ARGUE THIS EASILY.
AND BY DECENT, I MEAN HONEST.
SOMEONE FROM HERE.
SOMEONE WITH INTEGRITY THAT
AN INDIANA JUDGE WILL RESPECT.
I RETAINED ONE OF THAT BREED
THIS MORNING.
ALL RIGHT?
[ SIGHS ]
I WISH I LIKED YOU MORE.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
Glen: AH, BOY.
HE DIDN'T MEAN THAT.
I WISH HE'D DIED
INSTEAD OF MOM.
CUT IT OUT!
JUST CUT IT OUT!
EYES FORWARD, YOU COWARD.
THAT'S AWFUL.
HE SAYS "JUMP,"
YOU SAY, "HOW HIGH?"
"PULL OVER THE CAR."
HANK, YOU SHOOT YOUR MOUTH OFF
TOO DAMN MUCH!
WHERE IS HE GOING?
Hank: DRIVING MISS DAISY.
WHAT A FUCKING COWARD YOU ARE.
MAYBE WE SHOULD
FOLLOW DAD.
SHOULD I?
OH, GOD.
WHERE WERE YOU TWO WHEN THEY
WERE DISTRIBUTING TESTICLES?
FUCK IT, I'M OUT.
GOOD. GOOD!
HEY, JUDGE,
WHERE YOU GOING?
INDIANA STATE PENITENTIARY'S
THIS WAY.
KISS MY ASS.
[ CROW CAWING ]
WHAT LINE WERE WE IN WHEN THEY
WERE DISTRIBUTING TESTICLES?
[ SIGHS ]
[ MOVIE PROJECTOR CLICKING ]
YOU KNOW
I HAVE TO GO, RIGHT?
♪ SOMEWAY, BABY, IT'S PART
OF ME, APART FROM ME ♪
♪ YOU'RE LAYING WASTE
TO HALLOWEEN ♪
♪ AND AT ONCE I KNEW
I WAS NOT MAGNIFICENT ♪
♪ STRAYED
ABOVE THE HIGHWAY AISLE ♪
JAGGED VACANCE,
THICK WITH ICE
I COULD SEE
FOR MILES, MILES, MILES
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
YOU'RE HERE TO LISTEN,
NOT TALK, OKAY?
YOU KNOW, THE GREAT THING
ABOUT AUTHENTIC MERCURY GLASS
IS THE DOUBLE-WALL.
YOU SEE THAT IN THERE?
AND RIGHT ON THE BOTTOM --
"NEW ENGLAND GLASS COMPANY."
I MEAN,
WHAT A GREAT FIND.
UH, WOW.
GUYS, YOU WANT TO HEAD
UPSTAIRS TO MY OFFICE?
JUDGE WARREN CAUGHT IT.
DO YOU KNOW HIM, SIR?
YES, I DO.
HE'S TOUGH, HE'S FAIR,
AND FULL OF HIMSELF.
THEY ASSIGNED
A SPECIAL PROSECUTOR,
DWIGHT DICKHAM,
OUT OF GARY?
I WONDER WHY SO FAR.
THE PRELIMINARY HEARING'S SET
FOR NEXT FRIDAY.
WOW! UH...
WE'RE IN A BIT
OF A PICKLE.
IT'S PRETTY
STRAIGHTFORWARD, C.P.
IT WAS DARK --
HOLD UP.
UH, WHAT'D YOU SAY YOUR STRONG
SUIT IS, OLD FURNITURE OR LAW?
QUICK.
UH, UH, WELL, LAW. LAW.
LAW SCHOOL?
YES?
YES, YOU'RE FAMILIAR
WITH THE CONCEPT,
OR, YES,
YOU ATTENDED ONE?
OH. [ LAUGHS ]
YOU CAN'T PRACTICE LAW
WITHOUT GOING TO LAW SCHOOL.
YEAH, VALPO.
VALPO?
VALPARAISO?
IT'S, UH -- UH, MOM!
I TOLD HER NOT TO...
COVER THE VALPARAISO!
COME ON!
I HATE WHEN SHE STACKS
BOOKS HERE.
UM, IT'S, UH,
HERE IN INDIANA.
WHERE --
DID YOU GO OUT OF STATE?
NORTHWESTERN.
WOW, THAT'S A DANDY
OF A SCHOOL.
EVER DEFENDED
IN A JURY TRIAL?
YES, I HAVE.
CHARGE?
ASSAULT.
DEGREE?
THIRD.
VERDICT?
IT WAS A GUILTY VERDICT.
COACH BLAKELY
BROKE A CLIPBOARD
OVER
HIS QUARTERBACK'S HEAD
DURING HALFTIME
AT THE HOMECOMING GAME.
NOW, IN HIS DEFENSE --
NOW HE GETS ONE.
...JOHN JR.
HAD HIS HELMET ON.
HE JUST KEEPS SELLING,
DOESN'T HE?
SIT DOWN.
UH, JUST SO YOU KNOW,
SUMMERS I INTERNED AT
THE PUBLIC DEFENDER'S
OFFICE IN EVANSVILLE.
AND AFTER GRADUATION, I CLERKED
TWO YEARS FOR JUSTICE ROBERTS
ON THE INDIANA
SUPREME COURT,
WHICH WAS A PRETTY COOL
EXPERIENCE.
THE WORD "WOW" IS
NOT YOUR FRIEND IN COURT.
THANK YOU.
DULY NOTED.
THIS IS YOUR GUY?
IF HE DROPS THE BALL,
YOU'RE FACING A MURDER TRIAL,
JUST SO YOU KNOW.
I'M GONNA GET A COFFEE.
WOW. THIS IS A LAWSUIT
RIGHT HERE.
DON'T GET SUED BEFORE YOU LOSE
YOUR NEXT CASE.
DON'T MIND HIM.
YOU'RE MY GUY.
YOUR HONOR, I'M GONNA FIGHT
LIKE A BADGER FOR YOU.
YOU CAN COUNT ON THAT.
[ C.P. GROANING ]
[ VOMITS ]
MORNING.
ALL RISE.
COURT IS IN SESSION.
THE HONORABLE JUDGE
SANFORD WARREN PRESIDING.
BE SEATED.
I UNDERSTAND THERE'S A MOTION
YOU'D LIKE TO BE HEARD ON.
YOUR HONOR, THE DEADLINE
FOR FILING A CHANGE-OF-VENUE
MOTION...
HAS ALREADY COME AND GONE.
SO, UNLESS THERE'S BEEN
A CHANGE IN CIRCUMSTANCE
THAT WARRANTS FILING THE MOTION
OUT OF TIME
SAY IF THE COUNTY
UP AND MOVED OVERNIGHT...
[ CHUCKLES ]
...BARRING THAT...
THIS TRIAL HAPPENS RIGHT HERE
IN CARLINVILLE.
THIS IS A PRELIMINARY HEARING,
NOT A TRIAL.
WHAT'S THE STORY,
MR. DICKHAM?
FILING FOR A CHANGE
OF VENUE?
OUT OF CURIOSITY,
YOUR HONOR,
IF I WERE TO ASK FOR A CHANGE
OF VENUE, YOU'D SAY WHAT?
YOU MISSED THE DEADLINE,
BUT I'LL CONSIDER IT.
AND THEN?
DENY IT.
YOU MISSED YOUR DEADLINE.
NO MOTION, YOUR HONOR.
WE'RE HERE TO ESTABLISH
WHETHER THERE'S PROBABLE CAUSE
TO BIND THIS OVER FOR TRIAL.
I WANT TO HOLD THE PRESENTATION
OF EVIDENCE
UNTIL I'VE TAKEN TESTIMONY,
AFTER WHICH I'LL HEAR ARGUMENTS.
WITHOUT FURTHER DELAY,
LET'S GET STARTED, GENTLEMEN.
C.P.: SHERIFF, AFTER YOU
ARRIVED, WHAT -- WHAT HAPPENED?
WHEN I APPROACHED THE VICTIM,
HE WAS UNRESPONSIVE.
AND AT THAT TIME,
DID YOU OFFER ANY ASSISTANCE?
HE WAS DEAD, SON.
SO, NO.
THAT'S A NO.
GREAT.
Dickham: AND EXACTLY WHAT DID
MR. PALMER TELL YOU?
MR. PALMER STATED HE DROVE
HIS VEHICLE --
HIS 1971
CADILLAC DEVILLE?
CORRECT.
...THE NIGHT OF THE ACCIDENT.
OKAY.
WE GET THIS WHOLE CASE
DISMISSED.
IT WAS AN ACCIDENT.
AND DID YOU SEE --
EXCUSE ME. EXCUSE ME!
YEAH?
SIR, ARE YOU CO-COUNSEL?
HE IS NOT.
NO, NO.
SIT AND ZIP IT!
Dickham:
SIR, DID YOU FORM AN OPINION
AS TO THE CAUSE OF DEATH?
MASSIVE INTERNAL DAMAGE --
INJURIES CONSISTENT WITH
BEING STRUCK BY A CAR.
THANK YOU, DR. PUTNEY.
NO FURTHER QUESTIONS,
YOUR HONOR.
CROSS-EXAMINATION,
MR. KENNEDY?
UH, NO FURTHER QUE--
NO, NO QUESTIONS,
YOUR HONOR.
[ SMACKS BENCH ]
Dickham: SO YOU WERE WORKING
THAT NIGHT AT THE MINI MART,
AND YOU SAW JUDGE PALMER
AND MR. BLACKWELL.
THEY WAS BOTH
OVER BY THE COOLER.
DID YOU SEE THEM
MAKE EYE CONTACT?
YEAH, I SAW MR. BLACKWELL AND
JUDGE PALMER MAKE EYE CONTACT.
AND THEN WHAT DID
JUDGE PALMER DO?
DROPPED HIS EGGS.
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
THAT'S IT. OUT!
BAILIFF, GET RID OF HIM!
YOU READ THAT.
NOT MY FIRST TIME.
Dickham: SO, AFTER THAT,
DID THEY GO OUT TOGETHER?
DID YOU SEE HIM
FOLLOW HIM?
Gus: ALL RISE.
COURT IS IN SESSION.
THE HONORABLE JUDGE
SANFORD WARREN PRESIDING.
Judge Warren: BE SEATED.
BASED ON THE TESTIMONY
OF THE WITNESSES
AND THE EVIDENCE PRESENTED
BY MR. DICKHAM,
THE COURT FINDS PROBABLE CAUSE
TO HOLD THIS OVER FOR TRIAL.
JURY SELECTION WILL BEGIN
ONE WEEK FROM TODAY.
SEE YOU FOLKS IN COURT.
"AGREEMENT FROM
THE GIPPER'S COACH."
EXCUSE ME?
"AGREEMENT FROM THE GIPPER'S
COACH," 10 LETTERS.
"AYE OF KNUTE."
KNUTE ROCKNE,
THE GREAT NOTRE DAME COACH
FROM SOUTH BEND,
INDIANA.
HE KNOWS THE ANSWER,
YET HE ASKS.
COME IN. SIT DOWN.
LET'S HOLD SOME COURT.
YEAH.
SIT DOWN.
NOW, PEACEFULLY...
[ SIGHS ]
...EASILY...
EASILY...
[ SIGHS ]
WHY DO YOU THINK DICKHAM MISSED
THE FILING DEADLINE
FOR A CHANGE OF VENUE?
OH, HE DIDN'T MISS THE DEADLINE.
IT'S A SMALL TOWN.
FOR EVERY TWO PEOPLE
WHO STAND IN FRONT OF YOU,
ONE WINS, ONE LOSES.
ONE LOVES YOU,
ONE HATES YOU.
YES, YES.
PRETTY OBVIOUS THAT DICKHAM
HAD NO INTENTION OF FILING.
HE WANTS THE TRIAL HERE.
C.P. STEPPED DOWN
THIS MORNING.
WHY?
SAID HE'D ASSIST
A MORE SEASONED ATTORNEY.
COULDN'T LIVE WITH HIMSELF
IF HIS LACK OF EXPERIENCE
COST THE CASE.
CONFIDENTIALLY, WHAT WERE
YOU DOING ON SHELBY ROAD?
THERE'S NO ROUTE
FROM THE MINI MART HOME
WHERE THAT MAKES SENSE.
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
ARE YOU ASKING
IF YOU CAN REPRESENT ME?
OKAY.
I REMEMBER
BEING AT THE MINI MART.
I NEEDED EGGS.
THE ROAD HOME WAS WASHED OUT,
WHERE IT DIPS NEAR THE OLD MILL.
I TURNED AROUND,
STOPPED AT THE LIGHT ON STATE.
THEN, UH...
...THEN I'M MISSING TIME.
[ SIGHS ]
CAN I BORROW YOUR PEN?
YEAH.
TO ANSWER YOUR QUESTION,
NO, I'M NOT ASKING
IF I CAN REPRESENT YOU.
IT DOESN'T WORK THAT WAY.
YOU CAN'T AFFORD ME,
SO I'D HAVE TO DO IT FOR FREE.
FORTUNATELY, I'M A BIT LIGHT
ON MY PRO BONO QUOTA THIS YEAR.
THIS IS MY STANDARD SERVICES
CONTRACT.
CHECK, SIGN, AND DATE.
OFFER EXPIRES
END OF BUSINESS DAY.
I'LL GIVE IT A THINK.
Hank:
THE ARTISTE AT WORK.
HEY, HANK.
I'M SPLICING FILM.
I SEE.
YOU CAN HELP IF YOU WANT.
NO, JUST WATCHING.
YOU KNOW WHAT'S FUNNY?
WHEN YOU SAID THAT THE OLD MAN
WAS PLAYING CHESS
EVERY WEDNESDAY WITH
WHO WAS IT?
WITH DOC MORRIS.
YEAH.
'CAUSE HE DOESN'T
PLAY CHESS.
IN FACT, THE ONLY THING
HE DETESTS
MORE THAN BOARD GAMES
IS DOCTORS.
HE DOES SO PLAY CHESS.
I'LL SHOW YOU.
I HAVE IT.
IT'S NOT REALLY READY
YET, BUT...
Dale: THAT'S A GRACKLE.
THEY'RE A REAL NUISANCE.
AND THERE IS THE LAKE.
HERE'S THE PORCH.
SEE?
HE'S PLAYING CHESS.
STOP.
IT'S A NICE FRAME.
THANKS.
WHAT ELSE YOU GOT?
WELL, IF YOU WAIT,
YOU'LL SEE I GOT
A WHOLE FAMILY OF MUSKRATS
CROSSING THE LAKE.
YEAH.
Hank:
BODY RECOVERED THERE.
FIGURE IMPACT RIGHT HERE.
POLICE REPORT
HAS HIM ON A BIKE.
Judge: YEAH.
I DON'T SEE
ANY SKID MARKS.
OKAY.
HEY, HERE IT IS.
LAWYER TO CLIENT --
DID YOU RECOGNIZE BLACKWELL?
I DON'T REMEMBER.
NO, NO.
I -- I CAN'T HAVE.
CAN'T HAVE?
STICK WITH THAT.
LOOK, WE BOTH KNOW YOU DIDN'T
INTENTIONALLY HIT HIM,
BUT THAT'S THE WAY
THEY'RE GONNA SPIN IT.
NOW, A FEW SHOTS
OF JACK
MIXED WITH JUST THE RIGHT AMOUNT
OF AXE TO GRIND...
THAT'S WHAT I THOUGHT.
BUT YOU HAVEN'T BEEN
DRINKING, HAVE YOU?
NO.
YOU SICK, POP?
YOU MIGHT
SAY I'M SICK, YES.
YEAH.
CANCER.
IN MY PLUMBING.
COLON.
FEW MORE CHEMO SESSIONS,
IT'LL BE IN --
IN, UH, REMISSION.
NOTHING I CAN'T HANDLE.
NOBODY KNOWS.
YOUR MOTHER KNEW,
THAT'S ALL.
THEY NEED INTENT FOR MURDER --
THAT'S OUR CASE.
WE ROLL OUT A DIMINISHED ABILITY
DEFENSE DUE TO THE CHEMO.
IF WE CAN GAIN SYMPATHY
FROM THE JURY,
THEY'LL NEVER CONVICT YOU.
WELL, WAIT, HOLD ON.
NATIVE SON, PUBLIC SERVANT
FOR OVER 40 YEARS --
NO, BACK UP. NO, BACK UP!
LOOK WHAT THAT DOES
TO ALL THE CASES...
I'VE HEARD
FOR THE LAST YEAR.
YOU'VE HAD THIS A YEAR?
E-EVERYBODY I SENTENCED
WILL CHALLENGE THE RULING.
STRANGERS! WHO GIVES A SHIT?
YOU'RE GONNA DIE IN PRISON!
I'D RATHER DIE IN PRISON
THAN BE REMEMBERED LIKE THAT.
OH, BOY.
AN INCOMPETENT OLD MAN
ON THE STAND.
NO.
PBHT!
OH, I'M NOT LETTING YOU
ANYWHERE NEAR THE STAND.
NOW, LISTEN.
LISTEN TO ME.
ULYSSES S. GRANT HELD
THIS COUNTRY TOGETHER.
AND WHAT'S HE REMEMBERED FOR?
BEING A DRUNK.
RONALD REAGAN OVERSAW
THE FALL OF THE BERLIN WALL,
THE END OF THE COLD WAR.
BUT ANY DISCUSSION
OF HIS LEGACY
ENDS WITH JELLY BEANS,
NAPS, AND ALZHEIMER'S.
"REAGAN"? WOW.
WITH ALL DUE...
I'M GONNA SAY THIS
AS PROFESSIONALLY
AND GENTLY
AS I POSSIBLY CAN.
YOU'RE A CIVIL SERVANT
IN A CORN-BELT,
BIBLE-BANGING BACKWATER.
NOBODY -- NOBODY! -- GIVES
A RAT'S ASS ABOUT YOUR LEGACY.
BUT I DO, YOU SEE.
I DO.
I'VE SAT ON THE BENCH
IN THAT COURTROOM FOR 42 YEARS.
PEOPLE IN THIS COMMUNITY
TRUST ME.
THEY TRUST THE LAW.
NOW, THIS -- THIS ACCIDENT
IS A LEGAL IRON BALL, HENRY.
YOU CAN'T SCREW IT UP.
SO DON'T.
AND ONLY GUILTY PEOPLE
REFUSE TO TAKE THE STAND!
GOT ME?
YOU TIE
MY SHOELACES TOGETHER.
I CAN'T HELP YOU
IF YOU WONT LET ME DO MY JOB!
UNLOCK THE CAR.
COME ON, LET'S GO.
I WANT TO GO HOME.
GODDAMN IT!
AHA.
OLD SCHOOL.
[ EXHALES ]
[ INHALES AND EXHALES DEEPLY ]
NO! [ GRUNTS ]
AHH! FUCK ME!
[ SPITS ]
[ GRUNTS ]
[ GROANS ]
[ PANTING ]
I ONLY OWN
THE ONE BLACK DRESS.
HANK, THERE'S SOMEONE
I'D LIKE YOU TO MEET.
THIS IS MY DAUGHTER
CARLA.
WELL, LIGHT A MATCH
AND HOLD MY HAIR BACK.
THIS IS YOUR HANK?
GIRL, JUST TRY NOT
TO EMBARRASS ME, OKAY?
YOU -- YOU'VE --
YOU TWO MET?
NOPE.
YEAH.
YES.
AT THE BAR. RIGHT?
GIRL, WHAT IS UP WITH YOU?
TURN AROUND.
HUH.
WHAT?
I SEE
THAT T-SHIRT SURVIVED.
THE NIGHT HANK PALMER
VANISHED FROM CARLINVILLE.
SINCE WHEN HAVE YOU HAD
A DAUGHTER?
FEBRUARY 1990.
SHE'S HOME
FOR SUMMER BREAK.
OH.
UH, WERE YOU MARRIED?
NEGATIVE.
NO, UM, I AM THE UNPLANNED,
BUT HAPPY, RESULT
OF A WABASH RIVER
FLOAT TRIP.
YEAH.
KOOL-AID AND EVERCLEAR.
AND NOW CARLA GOES
TO GEORGETOWN.
D.C.? GEORGETOWN?
MM.
WOW.
YOU EVER IN WASHINGTON,
MR. PALMER?
NEVER.
WHAT ARE YOU STUDYING?
LAW.
HM.
[ C.P. GROANS ]
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
[ VOMITS ]
ALWAYS ON GRASS.
[ GROANS ]
NEVER ON PAVEMENT.
IT WON'T SPLASH
YOUR SHOES THAT WAY.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT MY PROBLEM IS.
WELL, YOU'RE PERSONALLY INVESTED
IN YOUR CLIENT.
YOU FEEL THE LIFE
IN YOUR HANDS.
BOTH PASS. TRUST ME.
I HOPE NOT.
Dickham: SO, SIR,
YOU'RE TELLING ME
THAT YOU'RE NOT EVEN
A LITTLE BIT SWAYED BY THE FACT
THAT YOU'RE FAMILIAR
WITH THE DEFENDANT
AND HIS STATURE
IN THE COMMUNITY?
NOW, WHAT EXACTLY
IS OUR TARGET JUROR?
INTELLIGENT PEOPLE WHO WILL
LISTEN TO INSTRUCTIONS
AND FOLLOW THE EVIDENCE.
CRACKPOTS.
THOSE I CAN PERSUADE
TO SWALLOW THEIR OWN TONGUES.
ANYONE WHO'S SEEN
A SASQUATCH.
MOON-LANDING DENIERS.
THOSE ARE OUR PEOPLE.
MR. PALMER.
SUBTLETY, HENRY.
A VELVET TOUCH.
BUMPER STICKERS?
ANYBODY GOT ONE
ON THEIR CAR, TRUCK, R.V.?
SHOW OF HANDS.
AND, UH, WHAT DO THEY READ?
EXACT WORDS, PLEASE.
IT JUST SPELLS OUT "TOLERANCE"
WITH RELIGIOUS SYMBOLS.
"WILLIE NELSON
FOR PRESIDENT."
REALLY? DOES HE SEEM
A LIKELY CANDIDATE?
THEY NEVER GOT HIM
ON A FELONY.
"CERTIFIED BREAST INSPECTOR.
HAVE THEM OUT."
"GUN CONTROL
MEANS USING BOTH HANDS."
"HONOR ROLL STUDENT
ON BOARD."
"WIFE AND DOG MISSING.
REWARD FOR DOG."
[ LAUGHTER ]
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
[ WOMAN SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY
ON P.A. ]
THANK YOU.
[ GROANS ]
I MISSED YOU, BABY.
IT'S GONNA BE
SUCH A FUN WEEKEND.
UNLESS I DROP YOU
DOWN THE ESCALATOR!
[ GIGGLES ]
LAUREN, UH...
I FEEL LIKE
I SHOULD PREP YOU
BEFORE YOU MEET
GRANDPA PALMER.
'CAUSE HE IS NOTHING LIKE
GRANDPA SCHNEIDER.
GRANDPA SCHNEIDER IS,
KIND OF, YOU KNOW,
NICE AND AFFABLE...
AND HE'D MAYBE TAKE YOU
FOR ICE CREAM,
MAYBE HE'LL READ TO YOU.
GRANDPA PALMER DOESN'T
WANT TO DO ANY OF THAT.
IF YOU ASK HIM
TO READ TO YOU,
HE MIGHT THROW
THE BOOK AT YOU.
BUT ANYWAY,
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
I MEAN, HE'S NOT EVIL.
HE'S JUST
A DIRTY OLD MUMMY,
AND HE CAN'T HURT YOU
BECAUSE YOU'RE SPECIAL.
OH, MY GOD, THERE HE IS.
LOOK.
HE'S USUALLY WRAPPED IN GAUZE,
AND OOZING AND SHUFFLING.
HE MUST HAVE COME
OUTSIDE TO FEED.
WHO ARE YOU?
LAUREN.
YOU KNOW WHO I AM?
GRANDPA.
YEAH.
YOU'RE
MY GRANDDAUGHTER?
JUST...
COME ON WITH ME.
YEAH.
GLAD TO BE HERE?
OKAY. [ SMOOCHES ]
AH.
IT'S BEEN A LONG TIME.
I WAITED A LONG TIME
FOR THIS.
You're my little
sweetheart.
I'LL SHOW YOU THE HOUSE.
COME ON.
[ CHUCKLES ]
YOU'RE THE FIRST GRANDDAUGHTER
I'VE EVER HAD.
IN FACT, YOU'RE THE FIRST GIRL
IN THIS FAMILY IN A LONG TIME.
Lauren:
I THINK GRANDPA'S SWEET.
Hank: YEAH, HE ISN'T, BUT
I'M GLAD YOU SEE IT THAT WAY.
OKAY, ALL RIGHT.
THAT'S SUPER COMFY.
THERE YOU GO.
YOU WANT A SECOND PILLOW?
YES.
GOOD.
NOW PUT YOUR HEAD DOWN.
THERE YOU GO.
[ LAUGHS ]
AND NOW...
OOPS!
OH, MAYBE I'M GONNA
STRANGLE HER.
[ GIGGLES ]
YOU GOOD? OKAY.
THERE'S GHOSTS HERE.
I'M GONNA
LEAVE YOU ALONE NOW.
WHOSE ROOM IS THIS?
IT WAS YOUR UNCLE GLEN'S.
WHY'S THERE
SO MANY TROPHIES?
HE WAS A REALLY GOOD
BASEBALL PLAYER.
REALLY GOOD.
DID HE PLAY ON TV?
HE PROBABLY WOULD HAVE BEEN
ON A BIG TEAM...
BUT WHEN GLEN AND I WERE
IN HIGH SCHOOL,
WE GOT INTO A REALLY BAD
CAR ACCIDENT.
THEN THIS HAND
GOT MESSED UP.
OH, I'M SORRY.
WHY DIDN'T HE TAKE HIS TROPHIES
TO HIS OWN HOUSE?
THEY WERE MORE IMPORTANT
TO HIS FATHER.
KIND OF
A...TOUCHY SUBJECT.
GO TO SLEEP.
NIGHT, BABY.
NIGHT, DAD.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
OKAY, LET'S REHEARSE.
MR. PALMER, MARK BLACKWELL
APPEARED IN YOUR COURT
PRIOR TO KILLING
MISS STEVENS, CORRECT?
UH-HUH.
WELL, A LOT OF PEOPLE
APPEARED IN MY COURT, BUT --
BUT YOU'D AGREE
THAT THERE WERE
SPECIAL CIRCUMSTANCES
SURROUNDING THIS CASE.
MOST PEOPLE THINK THAT THEIR
CASES ARE PRETTY SPECIAL.
OKAY. BY THE WAY, THERE'S NO
SNACKS ON THE WITNESS STAND.
GIVE IT BACK.
NO. NO DISTRACTIONS.
[ SIGHS ]
I DON'T NEED PREPARING.
YOU'VE NEVER SAT
ON A WITNESS STAND.
YOU'VE NEVER BEEN
IN THAT SEAT.
[ SIGHS ]
DICKHAM DOESN'T HAVE
INTENT, HENRY.
AND HE NEVER WILL.
DICKHAM
IS A SNAKE CHARMER.
HE'LL PLAY HIS TUNE,
GET THE JURY SWINGING
TO HIS VERSION
OF THAT NIGHT...
AND THEN YOU CAN SAY GOODBYE
TO YOUR DREAMS OF FLAGS FLYING
AT HALF-MAST WHEN YOU'RE DEAD.
IT'S "HALF-STAFF."
NO ONE SAYS "HALF-MAST" ANYMORE.
YEAH?
LET'S REMAIN UNPREPARED.
FUCK IT.
ALL RIGHT.
NO NEED TO BE
SO MOROSE...HENRY.
SAM.
CAN YOU HEAR ME?
WELL,
MY HEAD'S IN THE OVEN.
I WAS JUST THINKING,
IT WAS EITHER THAT
OR MAYBE I SHOWER UP
AND COME MEET YOU.
GOD. OKAY. THERE?
ALL RIGHT.
Hank: OH, MY GOD.
LOOKS TALLER
THAN IT USED TO.
DID THEY RAISE IT?
[ SAM CHUCKLES ]
COME ON, BIG CITY,
SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT.
[ Grunting ] ALL RIGHT.
[ EXHALES ]
ALL RIGHT, I'M JUST GONNA
STRETCH OUT FOR A SEC.
[ GRUNTS ]
COME ON, GIVE ME A BOOST.
[ GRUNTING ]
OW! [ CHUCKLES ]
YOU SILLY --
GOD, IT WAS TOO EASY.
[ WINDOWSILL CREAKING ]
[ SIGHS ]
[ LAUGHS ]
WE'RE IN.
[ GRUNTS ]
SO, IT'S MIDNIGHT.
I'M ON THE DAYTON BLACKTOP,
HAULING ASS HOME.
'76 CHEVETTE,
FAKE WOOD PANELING.
CHEVETTE? NO.
DAD'S MAVERICK.
[ MAKES SHIVERING SOUNDS ]
I KNOW, RIGHT?
WHAT WERE YOU THINKING?
CORNER OF MY EYE,
I SPOT SOMETHING.
BIGGEST BUCK
YOU HAVE EVER SEEN.
12, 14 POINTS,
200 POUNDS, GIVE OR TAKE,
CHARGING THE ROAD,
STRAIGHT FOR ME.
WE SKID, ONE HAND ON THE WHEEL,
ONE HAND ON CARLA.
THIS DEER JUMPS...
FLIES OVER THE HOOD...
ITS BACK HOOF TAPS
THE GLASS.
AND ONE MILE PER HOUR
FASTER...
HE'S COMING THROUGH
THE WINDSHIELD,
ALL ANTLERS AND HOOFS...
KILLING ME FOR SURE
AND MAYBE BOTH OF US.
I MADE A DECISION
RIGHT THEN AND THERE.
WHATEVER HAD OR HADN'T HAPPENED
IN THE PAST...
I WAS GONNA BE THE HERO
OF MY OWN STORY.
SOUND CORNY?
SOUNDS EPIC.
I HAD 4 GRAND TO MY NAME,
I BORROWED ANOTHER 12
FROM GRANDPA.
TOOK THAT 16 GRAND.
I MADE DAN AN OFFER FOR THE
DINER THAT HE COULDN'T REFUSE.
THIS PLACE WAS
ON ITS LAST LEGS --
THIS PLACE --
THIS IS YOUR PLACE.
YES, THIS IS MY --
THIS IS MY PLACE.
WHAT DO YOU GOT ME BUSTING
INTO IT FOR?
FOR MY AMUSEMENT.
WORTH THE BROKEN WINDOW.
[ LAUGHS ]
BOUGHT THE TAVERN
THREE YEARS LATER.
I GOT MONEY. I GOT M--
I GOT A LOT OF MONEY.
I GOT MONEY LIKE
THE COLONEL'S GOT CHICKEN.
YOU'RE AN ENTREPRENEURIAL
SPIRIT.
YEAH.
OKAY, I'M IMPRESSED.
WE HAVE KNOWN EACH OTHER
SINCE THE THIRD GRADE.
WHAT, YOU DIDN'T ALREADY KNOW
ENOUGH TO BE IMPRESSED?
I ALWAYS LIKED YOU,
IT'S JUST --
YOU'RE A DICK.
THIS IS DIFFERENT.
THIS IS ABOUT
ACCOMPLISHMENT.
YOU...
[ PANTING AND GROANING ]
THERE YOU ARE.
EXCEPT
IT WAS SECOND GRADE.
WHAT?
IT'S SECOND GRADE.
IN MISS JENKINS' CLASS...
OKAY.
...ON THE KICKBALL FIELD,
ON THE SOUTH CORNER
IS WHERE I TRIED
TO KISS YOU AND YOU...
FISHHOOKED ME.
TASTE LIKE CINNAMON.
[ POP! ]
ONE OF THOSE.
YOU JUST BROKE OFF
TO REMINISCE?
JUST A...SIDEBAR.
OKAY.
COME ON.
WHAT'S WRONG?
YOU KNOW I'M LEAVING
WHEN THE TRIAL IS OVER.
ARE YOU SURE YOU --
WE SHOULD DO THIS?
AM I SURE?
HE'S SURE.
I'M WONDERING IF YOU'RE SURE.
[ SIGHS ]
DAMN! [ SIGHS ]
WHY DID WE COME HERE?
I LOVE SEEING YOU HERE,
BUT I'M NOT NAIVE, HANK,
I KNOW YOU.
WHAT DO YOU THINK
YOU KNOW?
HONESTLY.
THAT I'M A DECENT GUY?
THAT I'M LOYAL?
THAT I'M A PHENOMENAL
LAWYER,
THAT I GOT A WORK ETHIC THAT'LL
RIVAL THE FUCKING AMISH?
WHAT DO YOU KNOW?
SAY IT.
I'M USED TO BEING HELD
UNDER SCRUTINY.
HERE'S WHAT I KNOW.
I AM NEVER LEAVING
CARLINVILLE.
I LOVE IT HERE.
AND YOU'RE JUST A BOY
FROM INDIANA
WHO'S GONNA DO WHATEVER
HE HAS TO DO
TO PRETEND
THAT'S NOT TRUE.
LOCK THE DOOR BEHIND YOU.
I'M GONNA GO PLAY
WITH MYSELF.
I'LL BE THINKING OF YOU.
And I made out
with your daughter.
[ SIGHING ]
THE JUDGE SAYS
HE'S MISSING TIME.
EXPLAIN THAT TO ME.
IT'S CALLED
"CHEMO BRAIN"...
ALONG WITH THE FATIGUE
AND THE CRACKED SKIN.
YOU CAN SOMETIMES SUFFER
FROM MEMORY LOSS...
CONFUSION, DEMENTIA,
DELUSIONS.
VERY REAL POSSIBILITY,
A PROBABILITY...
THAT HE WAS MENTALLY IMPAIRED
THE NIGHT HE HIT BLACKWELL.
IF YOU CAN CORROBORATE THAT,
I NEED IT IN MY BACK POCKET.
I'M NOT ASKING.
I MAY NEED YOU TO TESTIFY.
HE'S GETTING CHEMOTHERAPY
IN A FISHING CABIN.
I DON'T THINK
HE WANTS ANYONE KNOWING.
AND I'M HIS DOCTOR,
I'M BOUND BY HIS WISHES.
YOU BOUND BY HIS WISHES
OR HIS VANITY?
WHEN WILL HE BE DONE
WITH THE TREATMENTS?
WELL, LIKE I TOLD YOUR FATHER,
THAT'S UP TO HIM.
TO HIM?
BUT...HOW WOULD HE KNOW?
SO WHAT EXACTLY
DID HE TELL YOU?
HE TOLD ME IT'S UNDER CONTROL.
IT'S IN REMISSION.
GIVE IT UP,
YOU COUNTRY QUACK.
I'M NOT HIS SON.
I'M HIS FUCKING LAWYER.
WOW, THIS ISN'T AN ACT,
IS IT?
YOU REALLY AREN'T
A PLEASANT PERSON.
RIGHT NOW?
I'M A SUMMER BREEZE.
ONCE I SUBPOENA YOU,
GET YOU ON THE STAND
AND EXTRACT THE TRUTH
FROM YOUR ASS LIKE TREE SAP...
THEN YOU'LL REALIZE
IN THAT MOMENT,
CORRECT, I'M NOT
A PLEASANT PERSON.
WE CAUGHT IT TOO LATE
TO CUT IT OUT.
TO SLAP A BAG ON IT.
IF HE'D HAD REGULAR
SCREENINGS...
BUT THE JUDGE
WASN'T THE TYPE
TO INVITE A CAMERA
WITH ANY DEGREE OF REGULARITY.
[ Muffled ] YOUR MOTHER...
INSISTED THAT HE TRY.
I SUSPECT HE'S STILL
DOING IT FOR HER.
I'VE BEEN TREATING HIM
FOR A YEAR.
HIS CONDITION IS ADVANCED.
STAGE IV.
Judge:
"CAFé DU MONDE."
Lauren:
"THE CLOUDS..."
MM-HMM.
"...WERE RIPPED LIKE
THE STRIP OF FIRE ABOVE."
WHAT'S A HUSHPUPPY?
GOOD FOR YOU.
[ THUD ]
[ COUGHING, VOMITING ]
GET OUTTA HERE.
DAD, GIVE ME YOUR HAND.
GET OUT!
GET OUT.
WHY ARE MY SHOES OFF?
[ GROANS ]
YOU'RE OKAY. JUST STAY.
STAY RIGHT THERE.
LET GO OF MY HAND!
NO, NO, NO, NO.
WHY DON'T WE JUST DO THIS?
LET'S GO TO THE TUB.
OKAY?
OKAY.
CAREFUL -- CAREFUL
WHERE YOU'RE STEPPING.
OOH. OOH, YEAH.
GET YOUR LEG UP HERE.
YEAH.
HERE YOU GO.
OKAY, LET'S GO.
TOO HOT.
HOW'S THAT TEMPERATURE?
IS IT OKAY?
TOO HOT.
SORRY, SORRY, SORRY.
YEAH.
[ SIGHS ]
OOH,
IT'S A LITTLE COLDER.
NICE.
IT'S GOOD.
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
WHAT IS IT?
Lauren:
CAN I COME IN?
I'LL BE OUT IN A MINUTE.
GO EAT!
FINISH
YOUR HUSHPUPPIES, BABY.
I'M FULL!
IN A MINUTE, LAUREN!
COME ON.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
WHAT?
WHAT ARE WE DOING?
I DON'T KNOW!
FIXING THE SINK.
[ CHUCKLING ]
WE'RE FIXING THE SINK.
IT LEAKS.
CAN I HELP?
SHE'LL SLIP,
THERE'S TOO MUCH WATER.
NO, THERE'S WATER
ALL OVER THE FLOOR.
ALL RIGHT, GO --
GO DO SOMETHING.
GRANDPA AND I WILL BE DOWN
IN A MINUTE.
YEAH. OOH.
KNOCK-KNOCK.
LAUREN.
I WASN'T TALKING
TO YOU!
WHO'S THERE?
ARMY.
ARMY WHO?
ARMY AND GRANDPA
STILL GOING FOR ICE CREAM?
OKAY.
TELL ME ABOUT LAUREN.
LIKES, DISLIKES?
WHAT THE FUTURE
MAY HOLD FOR YOU?
WHERE YOU LEANING?
TEACHER? DOCTOR?
LAWYER.
SEEMS POPULAR LATELY.
RACECAR DRIVER.
I JUST LIKE TO GO
REALLY FAST.
YOU'RE THINKING, AREN'T YOU?
[ GIGGLES ]
I-I GOT A BAD IDEA.
BUT IT COULD BE FUN.
YOU'RE LOOKING AT THE ROAD?
YEAH.
DOING AWESOME.
CHECK YOUR MIRRORS.
YOU'RE A NATURAL,
BY THE WAY.
I FEEL LIKE I COULD JUST TAKE
MY HANDS OFF THE WHEEL
AND LET YOU DRIVE.
DON'T YOU DO IT
WHEN I DO IT.
[ GIGGLES ]
ALL RIGHT?
SEE?
MM-HMM.
AND THAT'S HOW
YOU KEEP ABREAST
OF WHAT'S GOING ON
ON THE ROAD.
WHEN ARE YOU AND MOMMY
GETTING A DIVORCE?
WHAT? PUT YOUR HANDS
AT 10 AND 2.
WHERE DID YOU HEAR THAT?
IT'S PRETTY OBVIOUS.
UH...WELL, THE WAY
THESE THINGS WORK...
YOU KNOW,
IT TAKES A LONG TIME.
IT HAPPENS IN STAGES,
AND, UH...
YOUR STUFF IS IN BOXES.
THAT'S A STAGE.
YOU'RE NOT WEARING
YOUR WEDDING RINGS.
AND YOU'RE PROBABLY GONNA ASK ME
WHO I WANT TO LIVE WITH.
SO, WHAT STAGE
ARE WE IN?
THAT ONE.
YOU KNOW TOO MUCH.
MOMMY WOULD BE LONELY.
YEAH, WHAT ABOUT ME?
SO WOULD I.
DADDIES DON'T GET LONELY.
THEY ONLY MARRY
YOUNGER MOMMIES.
WELL, WE'LL FIGURE IT
ALL OUT, BABY.
IT HAPPENED TO MEGAN.
THEN IT HAPPENED
TO KATLIN.
I JUST DIDN'T THINK
IT WOULD HAPPEN TO ME.
ME NEITHER.
YOU WANT TO TURN LEFT
UP HERE?
OH, MY GOD, I'M JUST GONNA
LET YOU DRIVE HOME.
YOU'RE DOING GREAT. YOU'RE
MAKING THE TURN ALL BY YOURSELF.
GOOD GIRL, GOOD GIRL,
GOOD GIRL.
OKAY, SO WHEN YOU SEE MOM,
WHAT ARE YOU SUPPOSED TO SAY?
BEST VACATION EVER.
YEAH, THAT'S PRETTY GOOD.
JUST DON'T OVERSELL IT.
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
HEY.
THANKS.
YOU GONNA BE ALL RIGHT?
YOU WILL BE FINE.
YOU'RE SOMETHING ELSE.
HEY, DADDY.
BEST VACATION EVER.
IT'S A COINCIDENCE.
THAT'S WHAT THAT WAS.
JUNE, JULY, AUGUST,
SEPTEMBER, OCTOBER,
NOVEMBER, DECEMBER,
JANUARY.
JUNE, JULY, AUGUST,
SEPTEMBER, OCTOBER, NOVEMBER...
FUCK.
HERE WE GO.
[ COUGHING ]
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
Dickham:
SIR, I APPRECIATE THE PRIMER
IN DNA EVIDENCE ANALYSIS,
BUT BOTTOM-LINE THIS FOR US --
WHAT DO ALL THOSE NUMBERS
AND PERCENTAGES MEAN
WHEN DETERMINING
IF IT'S MARK BLACKWELL'S BLOOD
ON JUDGE PALMER'S CAR?
IT'S THE VICTIM'S BLOOD
ON THE CAR.
Hank: DIDN'T TAKE A SWING
AT MR. BLACKWELL?
NO, SIR.
USE PROFANITY, RANT,
RAVE, FLIP HIM OFF...
DISPLAY ANY SIGN
OF HOSTILITY?
NO. NONE OF THAT.
DR. BRANNAMON, YOU FOUND
SOMETHING ELSE IN HIS SYSTEM
AT THE TIME OF DEATH,
CORRECT?
YES, WE DID.
MARK BLACKWELL
HAD OXYCODONE-PARACETAMOL
IN HIS BLOOD.
PERCOCET.
AND YOUR LAB IN CHICAGO
REGISTERED HIS
BLOOD-ALCOHOL LEVEL AT .23?
YES.
IN THAT CONDITION,
COULD HE HAVE BEEN RIDING
IN A STRAIGHT LINE?
IF HE COULD RIDE A BIKE AT ALL,
IT WOULD HAVE BEEN SWERVING.
Dickham: MRS. BLACKWELL,
AFTER ALL THOSE YEARS
AND ALL THAT HEARTBREAK,
HOW DID YOU FEEL
WHEN HE WAS RELEASED?
I FINALLY HAD MY MARK BACK.
I'D WAITED SO LONG
FOR HIM TO COME HOME.
NO MOTHER SHOULD HAVE TO
BURY HER CHILD.
THANK YOU, MA'AM.
HOW OFTEN DID YOU VISIT
MARK IN PRISON?
I DON'T REMEMBER.
TOO MANY TIMES.
PERHAPS THE VISITATION RECORDS
WILL REFRESH YOUR MEMORY.
HOW MANY TIMES?
TWICE.
PARDON ME?
TWICE!
OH, SO NOT
"TOO MANY TIMES."
TWO TIMES IN 20 YEARS.
TWICE.
ONE FOR EACH HAND.
Hanson: IT'S A 20-DEGREE BEND
AT BEST.
SO, DEPUTY HANSON,
LOOKING AT THIS ROAD,
THERE IS NO INDICATION
THAT JUDGE PALMER
TRIED TO SLOW HIS VEHICLE.
NO.
AS A MATTER OF FACT,
THERE ARE NO BRAKE MARKS
AT ALL, ARE THERE?
NO, SIR.
NO FURTHER QUESTIONS,
YOUR HONOR.
MR. PALMER.
DEPUTY HANSON, YOU
WERE PREVIOUSLY AN
OFFICER IN DETROIT.
OBJECTION. THE DEPUTY'S
CREDENTIALS ARE NOT IN QUESTION.
I WAS GONNA SAY
"WELCOME TO CARLINVILLE."
[ LIGHT LAUGHTER ]
UH-HUH.
AS STATED BY MR. DICKHAM,
THESE PHOTOS WERE TAKEN
THE MORNING OF THE INCIDENT.
UH, WHAT IS THAT?
CAN YOU HELP ME?
RIGHT THERE.
NOT REALLY, NO.
DOES THAT HELP?
ROADKILL.
RACCOON, MAYBE.
IS THERE
AN OFFER OF PROOF HERE?
WHAT'S YOUR POINT,
MR. PALMER?
THAT THERE
IS A SNAPPIN' TURTLE.
[ LIGHT LAUGHTER ]
AND?
AND DETROIT
CAN BE FORGIVEN...
FOR NOT KNOWING WHAT RUNNING
OVER A SNAPPING TURTLE IS LIKE.
NOBODY HITS ONE IF THEY SEE IT
AND CAN POSSIBLY AVOID IT.
YOU HIT A RABBIT, POSSUM, SKUNK,
YOUR CAR GOES BUMP, BUMP.
BUT NAILING A BIG SNAPPER
IS SIMILAR TO SMACKING
INTO A CINDERBLOCK.
CAR GOES KA-BAM!
KA-BOOM!
MR. PALMER, WHERE EXACTLY
ARE YOU GOING WITH THIS?
WELL, YOUR HONOR,
THE PROSECUTION MAINTAINS
THAT A LACK
OF BRAKE MARKS...
IS EVIDENCE THAT MR. BLACKWELL
WAS DELIBERATELY STRUCK.
THAT IT'S NOT REASONABLE
TO ASSUME
JUDGE PALMER COULD HAVE
HIT SOMETHING SUBSTANTIAL,
IN THE DARK, RAINING,
NOT REALIZED IT WAS A PERSON
THAT WAS HIT, JUST KEPT GOING.
THAT'S BEEN
FIRMLY ESTABLISHED.
ARE WE WITHIN A MILE
OF A QUESTION HERE?
QUESTION IS, DEPUTY,
ANY BRAKE MARKS
IN FRONT OF THAT TURTLE?
YES, NO?
NO, THERE ARE NOT.
THANK YOU.
THAT'S ALL I HAVE.
Judge:
YOU REARRANGE EVERYTHING!
ALL RIGHT, MARY!
WAIT, WHAT, WHAT, WHAT, WHAT?
WHAT? GODDAMN!
DON'T BE A YOU-KNOW-WHAT, MARY!
DON'T BE A YOU-KNOW-WHAT.
[ GLASS SHATTERS ]
[ WAILING ]
MY MEMORY
PLAYS TRICKS ON ME.
IT PLAYS TRICKS ON ME.
YOU LEFT SOON, MARY.
YOU LEFT TOO SOON.
H-HEY.
I THINK I HEARD YOU
HAVING A BAD DREAM.
[ BOX CLOSES ]
GOD, WHAT HAPPENED
TO YOUR HANDS?
HERE.
THIS'LL MAKE YOUR SKIN SOFT.
[ GROANS ]
HEY.
HEY, HEY.
WHO'S THE BEST LAWYER
YOU'VE EVER SEEN?
COME ON.
MINE'S ROBERT GRAHAM.
I WORK FOR HIM.
HE JUST,
HE DOESN'T LOSE.
NOW, YOU.
UH...
MR. SHAW.
MY FIRST JOB
AFTER LAW SCHOOL.
A DRIFTER KILLED A FARMER,
VIOLATED HIS WIFE.
FIVE POINTS ROAD
WITH A CORN KNIFE.
VILE HUMAN BEING.
VILE.
COURT ASSIGNED MR. SHAW
THE CASE.
SO, WE TOOK DINNER
TO THE JAIL,
'CAUSE EVERY NIGHT,
MR. SHAW SAT WITH HIM.
PREPARED HIM,
DEFENDED HIM.
NO TRICKS.
HE WON?
CH-CH.
ELECTROCUTED.
[ CHUCKLES ]
HE WAS DEAD,
BUT MR. SHAW HAD TO LIVE HERE.
[ SIGHS ]
HE WAS THREATENED,
SPIT ON.
PEOPLE WOULDN'T SIT NEAR HIM
IN CHURCH.
HE COULD HAVE
REFUSED THE CASE EASILY,
BUT HE BELIEVED
IN THE LAW.
I CAN'T SAY BEST.
BUT HENRY SHAW?
[ CHUCKLES ]
MOST DECENT MAN
I EVER MET.
EVER. EVER.
YEAH.
"HENRY"?
DECENT MAN.
GREAT MAN.
[ CHUCKLES ]
HENRY SHAW.
[ CELLPHONE BUZZES, BEEP ]
HANK PALMER.
WHITE: Hank?
Sheriff White.
Wondering if you can
come by the station.
There's something
you should see.
Hank: WE'VE ALREADY SEEN
THE SECURITY FOOTAGE
FROM THE NIGHT
OF THE ACCIDENT.
HERE'S WHAT HAPPENS:
THE JUDGE LEAVES THE STORE,
HIS CAR GOES ONE WAY...
BLACKWELL THE OTHER.
PATIENCE.
[ SIGHS ]
[ CLICK ]
TIME?
FOUR MINUTES 45.
HE DIDN'T GET
TO THE MILL.
AND?
POINT BEING?
IN HIS STATEMENT,
JUDGE PALMER SAID HE REACHED
THE ROAD NEAR THE MILL.
IT WAS WASHED OUT,
AND HE TURNED AROUND.
HE'S LYING.
IT TAKES NINE MINUTES
TO GET TO THE MILL AND BACK.
YOUR DAD DID IT IN FIVE.
HE DIDN'T TURN AROUND
BECAUSE IT WAS WASHED OUT.
HE TURNED AROUND
TO FOLLOW BLACKWELL.
HE'S LIVED HERE
HIS WHOLE LIFE.
YOU THINK HE CAN'T GAUGE
WHEN THE ROAD'S GONNA FLOOD?
THAT'S NOT THE POINT.
SHERIFF, MAY WE
USE YOUR OFFICE, PLEASE?
THANKS.
WELL, YOU KNOW
HOW TO CLEAR A ROOM.
TEN YEARS, HE'LL DO SEVEN.
INSUFFICIENT EVIDENCE.
OFFER EXPIRES
WHEN YOU WALK OUT THAT DOOR.
PACK IT UP.
YOU WANT ME TO FLY YOU?
I'M GLAD TO SEE
YOU'RE ON YOUR GAME.
I LIKE YOU TOO,
BUT I'M SO BORED.
I HAVE INTENT NOW.
PREMEDITATION.
I'LL PAINT YOUR FATHER
AS A HOLIER-THAN-THOU PRICK
DETERMINED TO SEE WHAT
HE CONSIDERS JUSTICE SERVED.
MY FATHER IS
A HOLIER-THAN-THOU PRICK
DETERMINED TO SEE WHAT
HE CONSIDERS JUSTICE SERVED,
SO IT'S GONNA BE
A LIGHT DAY.
[ CHUCKLES ]
THAT'S FUNNY.
I GUESS I CAN'T FAULT YOU
FOR NOT REMEMBERING ME.
I WAS JUST SECOND CHAIR
FOR THE PROSECUTION.
YOU DEFENDED THAT
MILWAUKEE BEER BARON'S KID.
THE ONE WHO WENT SLUMMING
IN GARY.
40 MILLION IN THE BANK,
ONE DEAD PROSTITUTE?
BY GOD, YOU'RE GOOD.
BEST VERDICT
MONEY CAN BUY.
EVERYBODY WANTS
ATTICUS FINCH
TILL THERE'S A DEAD HOOKER
IN A HOT TUB.
THERE'S YOUR
BUMPER STICKER.
SO, IN A NUTSHELL,
YOU'RE FOLLOWING ME DOWN HERE
TO SETTLE A SCORE?
[ CHUCKLES ]
GOOD LORD, NO.
I FOLLOWED YOU DOWN HERE
BECAUSE I KNEW IF I DIDN'T,
IT WAS LIKELY SOMEBODY
WAS GONNA GET AWAY WITH MURDER.
MY FATHER IS A LOT
OF UNPLEASANT THINGS;
A MURDERER
IS NOT ONE OF THEM.
BUT HE IS A LIAR.
WE'VE ESTABLISHED THAT.
A LIAR WHO THINKS HE CAN OPERATE
UNDER THE COLOR OF THE LAW
JUST LIKE HIS SON.
YOU'RE A SHINED-UP
WOODEN NICKEL, MR. PALMER.
A BULLY WITH A BIG BAG
OF TRICKS.
BUT UNLIKE YOU,
I HAVE ONE SIMPLE BELIEF:
THAT THE LAW IS THE ONLY THING
CAPABLE OF MAKING PEOPLE EQUAL.
NOW, YOU MAY THINK
MARK BLACKWELL WAS WHITE TRASH,
AND HE MAY VERY WELL
HAVE BEEN,
BUT IN THE EYES OF THE STATE,
HIS LIFE MATTERS.
I'M GONNA IMPALE YOUR CLIENT
ON A FIRST-DEGREE-MURDER CHARGE.
AND YOU GET
A FRONT-ROW SEAT.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
[ ALARM WAILING ]
[ WIND HOWLING ]
Joe:
WHY ARE WE EVEN DOWN HERE?
LIKE, IT IS NEVER A TORNADO.
THIS IS STUPID.
BE HAPPY YOUR GRANDPA
HAS A BASEMENT.
Hank: OH, BOY.
Dale: DON'T WORRY, EVERYONE.
I GOT IT.
[ WHIRRING ]
HEY, TURN THAT ON,
UNCLE DALE.
Eric:
YEAH, WHY DON'T YOU SHOW US
WHAT YOU'VE BEEN WORKING ON?
YOU SAID YOU WERE GONNA
SHOW ME, MAN.
COME ON, LET'S GO.
OKAY.
CHARLES FRANCIS JENKINS
FIRST INVENTED THE PROJECTOR
ON JUNE 6, 1894,
IN WAYNE COUNTY, INDIANA.
DALE, CAN YOU SHOW THE MOVIE
THAT YOU MADE?
OKAY, YUP.
THANK YOU.
HERE WE GO.
Amy: ALL RIGHT.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
ALL RIGHT.
YEAH.
YAY!
GOOD GOING, DALE.
GOOD, DALE.
Glen: WOW, THAT LOOKS
LIKE CHRISTMAS.
Amy: AH, NICE!
OH, FAMILY CHRISTMAS.
LOOK AT YOU GUYS IN YOUR PJs.
[ CHUCKLES ]
THAT'S US.
THAT'S OUR FAMILY.
Judge: THERE IT IS.
[ LAUGHS ]
Joe: OH, GRANDMA.
Dale: THERE'S ME.
THAT'S SWEET.
Glen: IT IS.
DAD,
YOU WERE CUTE ONCE.
Dale:
THERE'S HANK AND DAD.
UH-OH.
[ CHUCKLES ]
Joe: JUDGE, YOU HAD HAIR?!
OH, LOOK AT YOU.
WHOO!
THERE YOU ARE!
YEAH, DAD.
Glen: WATCH AND LEARN, BOYS!
WATCH AND LEARN!
[ LAUGHS ]
LOOK AT THAT.
OH, LOOK AT THAT!
OOH! WOW!
JESUS!
LOOK AT THAT ARM!
WHAT AN ARM!
[ CHUCKLES ]
WHOA.
[ LAUGHS ]
VICTORY.
Dale:
THAT WAS THE BEST DAY.
YOU BETCHA.
[ CHUCKLES ]
PROUD MAMA.
Joe: YEAH, DAD.
HOLY SHIT.
Eric: SHUT UP, JOE.
TURN IT OFF!
Glen: ALL RIGHT,
SPEED IT UP, MAN.
Dale: I CAN'T.
NEXT, DALE.
I -- IT'S FILM.
I CAN'T --
NEXT, NEXT!
OKAY.
CRANK THE FUCKING THING
WITH YOUR HAND IF YOU HAVE TO.
LET'S GO, LET'S GO.
Amy: GIVE HIM A CHANCE.
DALE!
TURN IT OFF!
OH! AH.
OKAY, ALL RIGHT!
ENOUGH!
Amy: ERIC, OVER HERE.
DALE, YOU UNDERSTAND?
WE'RE GONNA FIX IT.
IT'S OKAY.
NOT IN THIS HOUSE!
Glen: DAD! SHIT!
Dale: OH, NO.
THAT'S IT.
I'M SO SICK...OF YOU.
I'M TIRED OF THE WAY YOU DECIDE
HOW THE WORLD IS GONNA RUN.
WHAT, YOU'RE GONNA PARCEL OUT
WHO GETS TO SAY AND DO WHAT
AND WHEN YOU SAY IT?
I DECIDE IN THIS HOUSE.
YOU CAN GO DECIDE
IN YOUR HOUSE.
NO, I CAN'T!
BECAUSE I'M STUCK IN PURGATORY
WITH A CLIENT
WHO'S DOING EVERYTHING
IN HIS POWER TO BE FOUND GUILTY.
YOU DIDN'T MAKE IT ANYWHERE
NEAR THE MILL, DID YOU?
OKAY. OKAY, OKAY, OKAY.
WHAT?
DID YOU? YOU HUNG ME OUT TO
FUCKING DRY WITH DWIGHT DICKHAM
'CAUSE YOU HELD OUT ON ME.
I TOLD YOU
EVERYTHING I KNEW.
NO, WRONG!
YOU TOLD ME EVERYTHING
YOU DECIDED I SHOULD KNOW.
NO, NO.
YOU GUYS, COME ON!
GET OUT OF MY WAY!
EASY, DAD!
CUT IT OUT!
DAD, WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
ALL RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT!
DAD, YOU CAN'T
GO OUT THERE!
[ ALARM WAILING, WIND HOWLING ]
GET YOUR GIMP HAND
OFF ME!
GOD DAMN IT, HANK!
Joe: WHERE IS HE GOING?
[ WIND HOWLING ]
[ ALARM WAILING ]
WHY DID YOU PULL ME
OUT OF BOY SCOUTS?
AS PUNISHMENT FOR BLOWING UP
THE McGRAWS' MAILBOX WITH M-80s.
I WAS 13.
THAT YOU REMEMBER.
THAT!
OH, OLD ENOUGH
TO KNOW BETTER.
YOU DIDN'T COME TO MY HIGH
SCHOOL GRADUATION OR COLLEGE.
OH, BOO-FUCKING-HOO.
WHY?
JAIL TIME, TRUANCY.
I WASN'T GONNA
REWARD ANYTHING.
NONE OF YOUR SHIT.
I GRADUATED FROM LAW SCHOOL,
FOR CHRIST'S SAKE.
AS OPPOSED TO WHAT,
DROPPING OUT?
FUCK YOU!
OOH!
LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING,
OKAY? HERE.
I PUT A ROOF OVER YOUR HEAD,
MONEY IN YOUR POCKET,
CLOTHES ON YOUR BACK,
FOOD IN YOUR MOUTH!
WHO PAID FOR
THAT COLLEGE EDUCATION
I NEVER SHOWED UP
TO KISS YOUR ASS OVER?
YOUR MOTHER?
SHE WAS A HOUSEWIFE.
WHY COULDN'T YOUR SWALLOW
YOUR GODDAMN PRIDE
AND JUST COME HOME TO HER?
YOU TELL ME WHY!
YOU'D INVITE PEOPLE AT THE END
OF PAROLE BACK TO COURT.
YOU'D RECOGNIZE THOSE
WHO DID THEIR TIME,
TURNED THEIR LIVES AROUND,
MADE SOMETHING OF THEMSELVES.
EVERYONE IN COURT WOULD APPLAUD,
YOU'D MAKE SURE THEY DID.
YOU'D TELL THEM
HOW PROUD YOU WERE.
PROUD OF FUCKING STRANGERS.
IS THAT ALL YOU WANTED,
HENRY?
A KIND WORD?
AN ATTABOY?
THEN TO USE YOUR WORDS, YOU
SHOULD HAVE COME THE FUCK HOME!
WE ALL WAITED.
QUIETLY.
BUT YOU NEVER CAME.
OKAY? AND I WAS
THE ONE SHE BLAMED
BECAUSE YOU WOULDN'T
COME HOME.
ME.
NOW, WAS I TOUGH ON YOU?
YES.
HOW'D YOU TURN OUT, HENRY?
WAITING TABLES?
A BUM?
YOU PUT ME
IN JUVENILE DETENTION.
YOU SENT ME
TO FUCKING VANDERBURGH!
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
YOU PUT YOURSELF THERE.
DID I?!
YES.
THE PROSECUTOR RECOMMENDED
COMMUNITY SERVICE,
THAT WAS YOUR CALL!
NO, NO.
IT WOULDN'T HAVE
HELPED YOU!
I DIDN'T NEED HELP.
I NEEDED YOU!
YOU WERE HIGH, YOU ROLLED THE
CAR WITH YOUR BROTHER IN IT.
HE HAD A MAJOR LEAGUE CAREER
AHEAD OF HIM,
A 90-MILE-AN-HOUR FASTBALL,
AND HE RUNS A TIRE SHOP.
FUCK.
YOU CRIPPLED HIM,
YOU STOLE HIS FUTURE,
AND YOU CALL ME AN ASSHOLE?!
WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM ME?!
I WAS JUST 17,
THAT'S WHAT HAPPENED.
OH!
I WAS 17.
"I WAS 13,
I WAS 17."
YOU WERE HEADED
DOWN THE WRONG PATH.
I DID
WHAT I THOUGHT WAS RIGHT.
YOU KNOW, I DIDN'T JUST GRADUATE
FROM LAW SCHOOL.
I GRADUATED FIRST
IN MY CLASS.
GOOD.
I WAS FIRST IN MY CLASS.
I DID REALLY WELL, DAD.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
FUCK.
[ SIGHS ]
TEAR THIS HOUSE DOWN.
COME ON,
TEAR THIS FUCKING HOUSE DOWN.
[ SIGHS ]
ABOUT THAT STORM, HUH?
MM.
WELL, I'M GLAD YOU AND MOM
BECAME FRIENDS, AND...
I -- WHY?
WHY, SAM?
Sam: WHY?
WHO THE FUCK
IS CARLA'S DAD?
PLEASE.
GO TO THE COURTHOUSE,
PULL HER BIRTH CERTIFICATE.
I DID.
THERE'S NO FATHER'S NAME LISTED.
NO, THERE IS NOT.
BECAUSE CARLA'S FATHER
WAS NEVER GONNA BE HER FATHER.
HIM KNOWING WOULD JUST
COMPLICATE THINGS.
THERE WAS NO WABASH RIVER
FLOAT TRIP,
THERE WAS NO EVERCLEAR
AND KOOL-AID.
IT WAS JUST ONE OF THOSE LIES
WE TELL OURSELVES...
IN ORDER TO MOVE ON,
AND WE DID.
GREAT,
I GET TO MOVE ON, TOO.
WHAT LIES
YOU GONNA TELL ME?
THAT IT WAS FINE WITH ME
WHEN YOU LEFT
TO GO TO THAT GODDAMN CONCERT
AND YOU NEVER CALLED AGAIN.
THAT, UM...
I AM ENTIRELY COMFORTABLE
WITH CARLA NEVER KNOWING
WHO HER FATHER IS.
THAT YOU'RE THE ONLY ONE
WHO'S GONNA GET HURT
WHEN YOU RUN AWAY AGAIN
LIKE YOU ALWAYS DO.
OH, I KNOW THAT LOOK.
Hank:
YOU'RE A BULLSHITTER.
WELL, YEAH,
IT'S MY BULLSHIT.
KINDLY REMOVE YOUR SHOES
FROM IT.
SEE YOU IN 20 YEARS.
LOOKING FORWARD.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
FINALLY
OPENED HER UP, HUH?
YEAH.
EVAN WILLIAMS.
SHE WAS 23 YEARS OLD
WHEN I DROVE DOWN
TO BARDSTOWN, KENTUCKY,
1979 TO BUY HER.
I ALMOST CRACKED THIS BABY OPEN
A THOUSAND TIMES.
YEAH,
BE GLAD YOU DIDN'T.
YEP.
[ SIGHS ]
YOU GONNA TELL ME
I SHOULDN'T DRINK?
YOU'RE A BIG BOY.
LONG AS YOU'RE READY
FOR TOMORROW.
DICKHAM'S GONNA
TURN UP THE HEAT.
I'M READY.
I WENT
AND SAW MOM TODAY.
YEAH? NICE.
WHERE IS SHE NOW?
WHERE, WHO...?
WHERE IS MARY?
WHERE'S --
DO YOU THINK
THERE'S SOMETHING ELSE?
AFTER WE DIE?
YOU ASKING ME
IF I BELIEVE IN GOD?
DO YOU?
I'M 72
WITH STAGE IV CANCER.
WHAT CHOICE DO I HAVE?
YOU KNOW,
I WAS GONNA SAY THAT, UH...
I WAS GONNA APOLOGIZE
FOR BELITTLING YOUR MARRIAGE.
IT'S NOT EASY
TO HAVE A GOOD MARRIAGE.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO.
WHAT WOULD YOU DO?
LISA AND ALL.
I-I-I DON'T KNOW, HENRY.
I TRULY DON'T.
YOU THINK YOU CAN MAKE
EACH OTHER HAPPY AGAIN?
FILL IT UP.
HAVE A LITTLE TOAST HERE.
TO WHATEVER,
I DON'T KNOW.
BUT LET'S HAVE A TOAST.
UH, TO GOOD LUCK
IN COURT.
GOOD LUCK.
[ CLICK ]
THE JUDGE'S CADILLAC
REAPPEARS IN THE FRAME
APPROXIMATELY FIVE MINUTES
AFTER HE LEFT THE LOT.
EXACT TIME, SHERIFF?
FOUR MINUTES,
45 SECONDS.
OKAY, AGAIN.
WHEN HE LEAVES.
OOPS, UH, WENT TOO FAR.
THERE YOU GO.
JUDGE PALMER?
Hank: DAD?
BAILIFF, YOU MIND
CALLING AN AMBULANCE?
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
DAD TALK TO US.
DAD?
ST. THOMAS MOORE.
I DON'T KNOW WHICH PRAYER CARD
THE JUDGE WOULD LIKE.
MAYBE ST. JOSEPH, BECAUSE HE'S
THE PATRON SAINT OF FATHERS.
OKAY, OKAY, DALE!
AND THERE'S A ST. JOSEPH --
ALL RIGHT, DIAL DOWN
THE CRAZY NOW.
DIAL IT DOWN.
AND --
HEY, YOU WANT TO GO
TO THE VENDING MACHINE?
OKAY.
HERE.
MM.
GET WHATEVER YOU WANT.
YOU HAVE A NAKED LADY
IN HERE.
YEAH.
IT'S A FUN WALLET.
FILM THE VENDING MACHINES, DALE.
[ TELEPHONE RINGING
IN DISTANCE ]
[ INDISTINCT TALKING ON P.A. ]
LOOK, DON'T LOOK AT ME
LIKE THAT.
DON'T TAKE IT OUT ON HIM.
NOT NOW.
DON'T LOOK AT ME LIKE THAT.
YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT MY LIFE
IS LIKE, OKAY?
MOM IS GONE.
ALL RIGHT?
AND DAD IS --
AND THEN WHAT ARE WE GONNA DO
ABOUT DALE? HUH?
WHAT, ARE YOU GONNA HELP?
YOU? REALLY?
I'M NOT LIKE YOU.
I HAVEN'T BEEN STUCK
HERE ALL THIS TIME.
AH.  UNDERSTAND
WHY YOU'RE GOING MENTAL.
HANK, I'VE NEVER ASKED FOR
A GODDAMN THING IN YOUR LIFE.
I'M HERE AREN'T I?
I'VE NEVER ASKED YOU
FOR ANYTHING!
I'M FUCKING HERE.
YEAH, WELL, HE'S YOUR FATHER,
YOU SHOULD BE HERE.
OH, MY GOD, YOU'RE NUTS.
HUH.
I NEVER ASKED YOU
FOR A GODDAMN THING.
OKAY?
I'M ASKING YOU NOW.
YOU CANNOT
LOSE THIS CASE.
DAD CANNOT
GO TO PRISON.
[ SIGHS ]
DON'T PAT ME.
I'M THE BIG BROTHER HERE,
YOU DON'T PAT ME.
[ FOOTSTEPS APPROACH ]
DAD WANTS TO SEE YOU,
HANK.
NOT YOU, GLEN.
[ MONITOR BEEPING ]
COME HERE.
[ SIGHS ]
I KILLED THE BASTARD.
YOU'RE FUNNY.
[ CHUCKLES ]
PLEASE, DON'T EVER
SAY THAT AGAIN.
DON'T SAY THAT TO ANYBODY.
I KNOW ME.
I RAN THAT MAN DOWN.
YOU'RE SPECULATING.
I KNOW YOU, TOO.
YOU'RE NOT CAPABLE
OF OVERRIDING A LIFETIME
OF ETHICAL SUPERIORITY.
I DON'T HAVE THE ENERGY
TO FIGHT WITH YOU, HENRY.
THEN MUSTER SOME.
DO YOU REMEMBER
HITTING HIM?
JUST A MATTER OF TIME.
CLOCK'S RUN OUT.
WE'RE OUT OF FUCKING TIME.
YOU'RE NOT TAKING
THE STAND.
THEN, UH, I'LL FIRE YOU
AND C.P. WILL DO IT.
YOU ARE THE MOST BRUTALLY
BULLHEADED CLIENT I'VE EVER HAD.
THIS IS EASY.
THERE'S NO WITNESS.
THE PROSECUTION CAN'T PROVE YOU
HIT HIM ANY MORE THAN YOU CAN.
I'VE SPRAYED REASONABLE DOUBT
ALL OVER THIS CASE.
PLEASE, JUST -- WILL YOU
JUST LET ME DO MY JOB,
LET ME DO THE TALKING.
KEEP YOUR MOUTH SHUT.
YOU'RE GONNA WIN.
YES.
BUT I HAVE TO LIVE HERE.
OH.
[ CHUCKLES ]
YOU'RE IMPOSSIBLE
TO DEFEND!
I'M...
WHAT HAPPENED TO REAGAN?
YOU KNOW, THE JELLY BEANS
AND YOUR HORSESHIT LEGACY?
[ SIGHS ]
OKAY, SO...
YOU'RE GONNA SWEAR IN,
HAND TO GOD,
AND LIE UNDER OATH THAT
YOU REMEMBER HITTING HIM?
I WON'T CONFESS TO SOMETHING
I DON'T REMEMBER DOING, OKAY?
YOU PROMISE?
YES.
THANK YOU.
I'LL SEE YOU IN COURT,
HENRY.
ALL RIGHT.
I'M SORRY, I JUST --
I'LL SEE YOU IN COURT.
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
Gus: JUDGE PALMER.
YOU SWEAR TO TELL THE TRUTH,
THE WHOLE TRUTH,
AND NOTHING BUT THE TRUTH,
SO HELP YOU GOD?
I DO.
JUDGE PALMER, YOU'VE BEEN
ON THE BENCH HOW LONG?
42 YEARS.
SIR, HOW MANY VIOLENT CRIMES
HAVE YOU RULED ON IN THAT TIME?
Dickham: OBJECTION.
THE DEFENDANT'S HISTORY
AS A JUDGE IS NOT RELEVANT.
YOUR HONOR, THE STATE
HAS INTRODUCED EVIDENCE
THAT SUGGESTS SOME MOTIVE
FOR THE ALLEGED CRIME
RELATED
TO THE JUDGE'S DUTIES.
I'M ENTITLED TO REBUT
THAT LAUGHABLE PRESUMPTION.
OVERRULED.
IT'S, UH, NOT SOMETHING
I KEEP TRACK OF.
WOULD IT SURPRISE YOU
TO LEARN
THAT YOU PRESIDED OVER
17 MURDER TRIALS?
434 ASSAULTS...
12,942 CIVIL CASES.
Judge: IT WOULD NOT.
DID YOU RUN OVER
ANY OF THOSE FOLKS?
OBJECTION.
REIN IT IN, MR. PALMER.
JUST LOST YOUR WIFE?
YES.
HOW LONG
WERE YOU MARRIED?
50 YEARS.
HOW DID SHE PASS?
SHE SPENT THE MORNING
KNEELING.
SHE FUSSED OVER
HER HYDRANGEAS.
A BLOOD CLOT FORMED IN HER
LEFT LEG AND WENT TO HER HEART.
THE DAY OF THE ACCIDENT,
WHAT DID YOU DO THAT MORNING?
I BURIED YOUR MOTHER.
WELL, MY WIFE.
TOUGH DAY.
HOW DID YOU FEEL?
TIRED.
DARK, RAINING.
DO YOU REMEMBER
HITTING THE VICTIM?
I DO NOT.
THANK YOU.
NOTHING FURTHER.
WOULD IT BE FAIR TO SAY THAT
YOU DISLIKED MARK BLACKWELL?
YES.
WISHED HIM ILL?
I DID.
DEAD?
YES.
[ SPECTATORS MURMURING ]
UH, DEPUTY HANSON TESTIFIED
THAT YOU TOLD HIM
THAT ONLY YOU WERE ALLOWED
TO DRIVE THAT CAR.
NOT EVEN YOUR LATE WIFE.
IT'S MY CAR.
BUT NOW A MAN'S BLOOD,
A MAN THAT YOU HATE,
WAS FOUND ON A CAR
THAT ONLY YOU DRIVE.
BUT YOU DON'T KNOW
HOW IT GOT THERE.
I DO NOT. NO.
A 6'1", 220-POUND MAN --
THAT'S A PRETTY BIG OL' BOY,
ON A STEEL BICYCLE.
BUT YOU'RE IN THE DARK
ABOUT IT ALL.
OBJECTION.
ASKED AND ANSWERED.
OVERRULED.
CORRECT.
SO ON ONE
OF THE WORST DAYS
OF YOUR LIFE...
YOU ENTER THE MINI MART...
YOU SEE A MAN
YOU HATE...
OBJECTION.
ARGUMENTATIVE.
LET HIM FINISH.
YOU SEE A MAN THAT YOU HATE,
AND MINUTES LATER,
YOU'VE ALTERED YOUR ROUTE,
AND BOTH YOU AND THAT MAN ARE ON
THE SAME ROAD AT THE SAME TIME,
ONLY YOU'RE IN YOUR CAR
WITH HIS BLOOD ON IT,
AND HE'S IN A RAVINE
WITH HIS KIDNEYS RUPTURED
AND HIS BACK BROKEN,
AND YOU DON'T REMEMBER
HITTING HIM?
I DO NOT.
AH.
SO YOU'RE TELLING THIS COURT
UNDER OATH,
WHICH I KNOW YOU UNDERSTAND
BETTER THAN MOST,
THAT A-A MAN WHO KILLED SOMEBODY
ON YOUR WATCH...
A MAN YOU RELEASED...
WHO DROWNED
A 16-YEAR-OLD GIRL...
A MAN THAT YOU
ABSOLUTELY HATE...
ON THE WORST DAY
OF YOUR LIFE,
AND YOU HAVE
THE PERFECT OPPORTUNITY
TO BALANCE
THE SCALES OF JUSTICE...
AND YOUR TESTIMONY IS
THAT YOU DIDN'T SEIZE
THAT CHANCE AND KILL HIM.
NO.
NO FURTHER QUESTIONS.
[ SIGHS ]
THAT'S NOT MY TESTIMONY.
[ SPECTATORS MURMURING ]
SIR, HOW HAVE I MISCHARACTERIZED
YOUR TESTIMONY?
OBJECTION.
HE SAID NO MORE QUESTIONS.
YOUR HONOR?
MY TESTIMONY IS...
THAT I DON'T REMEMBER
HITTING HIM.
YOUR HONOR, MAY I --
MAY I REQUEST A BRIEF RECESS?
DENIED.
MR. PALMER...
JUDGE PALMER...
...DO YOU THINK YOU KILLED HIM
INTENTIONALLY?
OBJECTION.
CALLS FOR SPECULATION.
MOVE TO STRIKE.
YES.
[ SPECTATORS MURMURING ]
Judge Warren: ORDER.
[ GAVEL BANGING ]
ORDER, ORDER!
SETTLE DOWN.
THANK YOU, YOUR HONOR,
NO FURTHER QUESTIONS.
REDIRECT, JUDGE?
OKAY.
SO, YOU THINK YOU DID IT?
CORRECT.
OKAY.
YOU THINK.
BUT NOT BECAUSE
YOU REMEMBER HITTING HIM.
THAT'S RIGHT.
NO, YOUR OPINION
IS YOU HIT HIM ON PURPOSE.
CORRECT?
I-I-I JUST SAID YES.
WHY DO YOU THINK
YOU CAN'T REMEMBER THE ACCIDENT?
MY WIFE JUST DIED.
UNDERGOING
ANY MEDICAL TREATMENT?
OBJECTION.
RELEVANCE.
GOES TO STATE OF MIND,
YOUR HONOR.
Judge Warren: OVERRULED.
YOU AND I
ARE FINALLY DONE.
OH, WE'RE NOT DONE.
YEAH, WE'RE DONE.
C.P., YOU'RE UP.
SIT DOWN, MR. KENNEDY.
YOU'RE DONE WHEN YOU ANSWER
MY QUESTION.
OH, NO, NO, NO, NO.
ANSWER IT.
NO, NO! YOU'RE NOT MY LAWYER!
YOU'RE NOT MY LAWYER!
YOU'RE ON THE STAND
AS A WITNESS.
ANSWER MY QUESTION!
I'M OF SOUND MIND
AND BODY,
AND IT'S NONE OF YOUR
GODDAMN BUSINESS --
GENTLEMEN.
SIT DOWN!
NONE, NONE, NONE!
QUIET.
I'M NOT DONE!
SIT DOWN!
[ GAVEL BANGING ]
GENTLEMEN!
JUDGE PALMER.
IT'S YOUR RIGHT TO SEEK
OTHER COUNSEL IF YOU SO CHOOSE.
BUT YOU'LL HAVE TO DO SO AFTER
YOU'VE COMPLETED YOUR TESTIMONY.
YES, SIR.
[ SIGHS ]
Hank: I'LL ASK YOU AGAIN:
UNDERGOING
ANY MEDICAL TREATMENT?
YES OR NO?
CHEMOTHERAPY.
[ SPECTATORS MURMURING ]
FOR HOW LONG?
SIX MONTHS.
CHEMO, THAT'S CANCER.
YES.
PROGNOSIS?
IT'S ADVANCED.
DID YOUR DOCTOR
CAUTION YOU
AGAINST THE POTENTIAL
SIDE EFFECTS OF CHEMOTHERAPY?
YES, HE DID.
WHAT ARE THEY?
NAUSEA, FATIGUE,
LOSS OF APPETITE --
DELUSIONS, FITS OF ANGER,
DEPRESSION, MEMORY LOSS?
YES, YES, YES, YES.
YEAH, BUT NONE OF THAT
APPLIES TO ME.
REALLY?
WHAT WOULD HAPPEN TO ALL
THE CASES YOU PRESIDED OVER
IN THE LAST SIX MONTHS
IF IT WERE DETERMINED
THAT YOUR MENTAL ACTUALITY
WAS DIMINISHED?
OBJECTION! COUNSEL IS TRYING
TO PREJUDICE THE JURY.
Judge Warren: OVERRULED.
ALL THOSE TRIALS...
THEY WOULD BE DECLARED
MISTRIALS, WOULD THEY NOT?
POTENTIALLY, YES.
A STAIN
ON YOUR REPUTATION.
YOU'D DO ANYTHING TO AVOID THAT,
WOULD YOU NOT?
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO!
THEN WHY DON'T YOU REMEMBER...
SEEING BLACKWELL
THAT NIGHT?
I REMEMBER HIM.
I JUST DON'T RECALL, UH...
HITTING THAT
SON-OF-A-BITCH.
WHAT DO YOU REMEMBER?
I REMEMBER HE, UH...
OPENED HIS
DISGUSTING MOUTH.
WHAT COULD HE POSSIBLY
HAVE SAID?
Mark: HEY, JUDGE!
SORRY TO HEAR
ABOUT YOUR WIFE.
YOU KNOW...
...SHE AIN'T BURIED MORE THAN
50 FEET FROM HOPE.
I'M NOT GONNA HAVE TO WALK
TOO FAR TO PISS ON BOTH GRAVES.
[ CHUCKLES ]
[ SPECTATORS MURMURING ]
HE GOT 'EM.
NO.
IT DOESN'T ADD UP.
I DON'T BUY IT.
IT CAN'T BE THE FIRST TIME
SOMEONE'S INSULTED YOU.
IT'S YOUR JOB.
WHY DID YOU GO EASY ON HIM
THE FIRST TIME?
OF ALL THE JUDGES IN INDIANA,
THE ONE WITH THE TIGHTEST --
YOU GAVE HIM 30 DAYS.
HE THREATENED HER, DISCHARGED
A FIREARM AT HER RESIDENCE.
THAT'S SIX MONTHS.
A YEAR.
EASY.
WHAT WAS YOUR REASONING?
180 DAYS, THAT'S SOLID.
MAYBE HE'D HAVE COOLED OFF.
MAYBE HE DOESN'T KILL HOPE.
MAYBE WE'RE NOT HERE.
OF ALL THE YEARS
YOU SAT ON THAT BENCH,
ALL THE PEOPLE
THAT STOOD BEFORE YOU,
THE LENIENCY,
THE UNDERSTANDING,
THE FREE RIDE
GOES TO MARK BLACKWELL?
HOW DO YOU EXPLAIN
THAT LAPSE IN JUDGMENT?
[ SIGHS ]
I LOOKED AT HIM
AND SAW YOU.
SAME WILLFUL
DISOBEDIENCE...
SAME RECKLESSNESS.
I LOOKED AT HIM
AND SAW MY MIDDLE SON.
MY LITTLE BOY.
My little boy.
I WATCHED HIM CRY
RIGHT THERE.
I WANTED
TO PUT MY ARMS AROUND HIM
AND TELL HIM IT DIDN'T
HAVE TO BE LIKE THIS.
I WANTED SOMEONE
TO HELP HIM...
LIKE I'D WANT SOMEONE
TO HELP MY BOY...
[ Voice breaking ]
...IF HE LOST HIS WAY.
IT WAS MY CHANCE
TO BE...
...THAT SOMEONE.
IS THAT SO MUCH TO ASK?
MAYBE SO.
I HAVE MEMORIES.
OF US.
YOU, ME.
THEN I DON'T.
HOW COME?
WHY?
[ CHUCKLES ]
[ BREATHES DEEPLY ]
I LOOKED AT YOU
AND I SAW HIM.
YOUR HONOR, MAY THE DEPUTY
PLEASE APPROACH?
LAST QUESTION: THIS MAN'S
BEEN YOUR BAILIFF FOR 22 YEARS.
WHAT IS HIS NAME?
Gus.
YOU DON'T KNOW?
[ SIGHS ]
I'D LIKE TO GO HOME NOW,
YEAH?
NOTHING FURTHER,
YOUR HONOR.
[ BIRDS CHIRPING ]
HEY.
ARE YOU OKAY?
I DON'T KNOW.
DEPENDS ON THE VERDICT.
I'M CARLA'S DAD, RIGHT?
THIS AGAIN?
WHY -- WHY -- WHY CAN'T YOU
JUST LET IT GO?
SHE'S FINE.
COURSE SHE IS.
I MEAN, IT'S OBVIOUS, SHE WAS
BORN NINE MONTHS AFTER I SPLIT.
EITHER THAT
OR YOU CHEATED ON ME.
YOU KNOW, EITHER WAY
IT'S NOT FINE.
IT'S JUST ONE VERSION
IS SLIGHTLY LESS NOT
FINE THAN THE OTHER.
AND THE THING IS...
LISTEN.
GOD, THIS IS UGLY.
HERE IT IS.
I MET CARLA AT THE TAVERN.
BLIND. OKAY?
I'M THERE WITH DALE AND GLEN,
AND, AND, UH, YOU KNOW --
HE'S HER FATHER.
HE WHO'S HER FATHER?
YEAH, GLEN DOESN'T KNOW.
NOT MY -- MY BROTHER?!
GLEN?
YEAH, IT WAS JUST
THE ONE TIME --
GLEN? THAT FUCKER!
WHAT?
WHEN YOU --
WHAT DO YOU MEAN, WHAT?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN, GLEN --
YOU LEFT!
FUCK OFF!
I WENT TO A METALLICA CONCERT.
AND YOU NEVER CAME BACK!
HE WAS BROKEN, HE WAS SWEET,
HE WAS ALMOST NORMAL.
I NEEDED A LITTLE NORMAL.
AND THEN WHAT?
THAT MAKES ME WHAT?
[ STAMMERS ]
A MORE SUPERIOR PRICK NEVER
SHIT BETWEEN TWO SHOES!
DAMN IT, HANK.
I LOVED YOU THEN
AND I LOVE YOU NOW.
I DO.
I LOVE HOW YOU ARE
SIMULTANEOUSLY...
THE MOST SELFISH AND THE MOST
GENEROUS PERSON I KNOW.
I LOVE HOW YOU HATE A BULLY
WHILE YOU'RE BEING ONE.
BUT YOUR CONSTANT
SECOND-GUESSING OF OTHERS,
THAT CRYSTAL BALL
BULLSHIT?
THAT, THAT, THAT,
THAT HYPER-VERBAL VOCABULARY
VOMIT THING THAT YOU DO.
I DISAPPEARED AROUND YOU,
HANK.
SAY IT AGAIN.
ALL OF IT?
[ CELLPHONE BUZZING ]
[ BEEP ]
YEP.
Gus: JURY ENTERING.
ALL RISE.
BE SEATED.
MR. FOREMAN,
HAVE YOU REACHED A VERDICT?
WE HAVE, YOUR HONOR.
WHAT SAY YOU IN THE MATTER
OF THE STATE OF INDIANA
VERSUS JOSEPH PALMER
ON THE CHARGE OF MURDER
IN THE FIRST DEGREE?
WE FIND THE DEFENDANT
NOT GUILTY.
[ SPECTATORS MURMURING,
SCATTERED APPLAUSE ]
AND ON THE LESSER
INCLUDED CHARGE
OF VOLUNTARY MANSLAUGHTER?
WE FIND THE DEFENDANT...
GUILTY.
[ SPECTATORS MURMURING ]
[ GAVEL BANGING ]
ORDER.
MOVE FOR SENTENCING,
YOUR HONOR.
Judge Warren: THIS CASE HAS BEEN
A MOST TRAGIC OCCURRENCE
AS I AM REQUIRED TO IMPOSE
AN APPROPRIATE SENTENCE.
BUT AS YOU KNOW ALL TOO WELL,
SIR...
THAT IS THE JOB.
I AM THEREFORE SENTENCING YOU
TO SERVE FOUR YEARS
IN STATE PRISON.
[ SPECTATORS MURMURING ]
SENTENCE IS TO BEGIN FORTHWITH.
DEPUTY, PLEASE TAKE JUDGE PALMER
INTO CUSTODY.
[ GAVEL BANGS ]
ORDER.
[ SOBBING ]
Glen: DAD.
DAD.
YEAH.
[ SIGHS ]
I'VE ALWAYS
BEEN PROUD OF YOU.
ALWAYS WILL BE.
YEAH.
[ SOBBING ]
COME ON, GO ON.
SAY GOODBYE TO DAD.
YEAH.
LISTEN TO ME.
YOU'RE A STRONG MAN,
NOT A BOY, OKAY?
I NEED YOU TO LOOK AFTER
YOUR BROTHER FOR ME.
NOW CAN YOU DO THAT?
YEAH?
OKAY, DAD.
AND THIS CAMERA.
I KNOW IT'S A BUFFER
FOR YOU.
USE IT.
BUT YOU DON'T NEED IT.
Dale: OKAY, DAD.
OKAY.
[ HANDCUFFS CLICK ]
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
Judge Warren: LADIES
AND GENTLEMEN OF THE JURY,
THANK YOU FOR YOUR SERVICE.
YOU'RE EXCUSED.
THIS COURT IS ADJOURNED.
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
[ SOBBING ]
[ HORNS HONKING,
SIREN WAILING IN DISTANCE ]
[ TOILET FLUSHES ]
DO WE EXPECT
AN APPEAL?
Hank: NAH.
YOU KNOW, 90% OF THE COUNTRY
BELIEVES IN GHOSTS,
LESS THAN A THIRD
IN EVOLUTION.
35% CAN CORRECTLY IDENTIFY
HOMER SIMPSON
AND THE FICTIONAL TOWN
IN WHICH HE RESIDES.
LESS THAN 1% KNOWS
THE NAME THURGOOD MARSHALL.
BUT WHEN YOU PUT 12 AMERICANS
TOGETHER ON A JURY
AND YOU ASK FOR JUSTICE...
SOMETHING JUST SOUTH
OF BRILLIANCE HAPPENS.
OFTEN AS NOT,
THEY GET IT RIGHT.
YOU KNOW, UH...
SIX WEEKS WE PREPPED
BURKE'S MISTRESS
FOR THE INFAMOUS
HANK PALMER CROSS.
AND YOU...
YOU WENT EASY ON HER.
I DID?
MIGHT COST YOU
YOUR JOB.
WELL, YOU KNOW,
WHEN YOU LOSE...
YOU LOSE.
AND WHEN YOU'RE
ON A STREAK,
YOU KNOW, YOU JUST...
STICK WITH IT.
[ BUZZER ]
SIGN HERE AND HERE
TO TAKE POSSESSION.
[ BUZZER, DOOR OPENS ]
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
[ EXHALES SHARPLY ]
[ BIRDS CHIRPING ]
Hank: YOU LOOK GOOD.
YOU WARM ENOUGH?
Judge: YEAH.
TOO WARM?
KNOCK IT OFF.
[ CHUCKLES ]
GLEN AND DALE STOPPED
FOR MORE BAIT.
OOH.
REMEMBER YOU USED TO
BRING THESE HOME?
YEAH. YEAH.
GIVE ME SOME OF THOSE.
HERE.
GIVE ME SOME
TO TAKE HOME TOO.
GIVE ME.
THERE YOU GO.
YOU -- YOU LITTLE GREMLINS,
YOU INHALED THESE.
'MEMBER?
SURE.
INHALED THEM.
HA-HA.
TILL DALE JERKED A FILLING OUT,
RUINED IT FOR EVERYBODY.
YEAH.
YOUR MOTHER
NAILED ME FOR IT.
MM.
FUCKING DALE.
[ LAUGHS ]
[ LAUGHING ]
HE'S THE GREATEST.
[ COUGHING ]
WANT SOME WATER?
NO.
REMEMBER WHAT YOU'D SAY
IF YOU --
IF YOU THOUGHT
I HAD ONE ON ME?
Both: "WHERE MY BIT-O-HONEY,
OLD MAN?"
[ CHUCKLES ]
WORKED EVERY TIME.
YEAH.
YOU ARE.
I AM?
YEAH.
WHAT?
QUESTION YOU ASKED ME ABOUT
THE BEST LAWYER AND ALL?
YOU PICKED THE FELLA
YOU WORK WITH.
I CHOOSE YOU.
YOU KNOW...
GLEN COULD'VE REALLY
BEEN SOMETHING.
NO DOUBT ABOUT IT.
YEAH.
YEP.
FIVE BUCKS I CATCH A SUNFISH
BEFORE YOU.
FEELING LUCKY.
[ REEL CREAKING ]
COME ON, COME ON.
THAT'S NOTHING.
[ REEL CREAKING ]
DAD?
[ CAR DOOR CLOSES ]
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
Glen: CLOSE YOUR EYES.
GREEN, ORANGE. GO.
CLOSE YOUR EYES.
ONE, TWO, THREE.
CLOSING, CLOSING,
CLOSING, CLOSING.
[ LAUGHS ]
YOU DIDN'T MAKE IT.
[ CONVERSATIONS CONTINUE ]
THANKS FOR DOING THIS.
IT'S NICE.
UM...
I'M GONNA CLOSE THE PLACE EARLY
TONIGHT.
IF YOU WANT TO COME BY
AROUND, YOU KNOW,
9:00-ISH, LET'S SAY...
I'LL SAVE A PIECE OF PIE
FOR YOU.
OW. NO.
[ LAUGHTER ]
WHERE YOU GOING?
Hank: GET SOME AIR.
HEY.
I JUST WANTED TO,
YOU KNOW,
HAVE A MOMENT
BEFORE YOU RUN OUT, YOU KNOW?
JUST GONNA GET SOME AIR.
I KNOW, BUT YOU --
YOU DISAPPEAR.
I JUST WANT TO...
[ BON IVER'S "HOLOCENE" PLAYS ]
[ BELL JINGLES ]
[ HORN HONKS ]
PALMER, YOU ASSHOLE!
I'M RIGHT HERE!
I'M FROM HERE!
♪ SOMEWAY, BABY, IT'S PART OF ME
APART FROM ME ♪
♪ YOU'RE LAYING WASTE
TO HALLOWEEN ♪
♪ YOU FUCKED IT, FRIEND,
IT'S ON ITS HEAD ♪
♪ IT STRUCK THE STREET ♪
♪ YOU'RE IN MILWAUKEE,
OFF YOUR FEET ♪
♪ AND AT ONCE I KNEW ♪
♪ I WAS NOT MAGNIFICENT ♪
♪ STRAYED ABOVE
THE HIGHWAY AISLE ♪
♪ JAGGED VACANCE
THICK WITH ICE ♪
♪ BUT I COULD SEE FOR MILES,
MILES, MILES ♪
[ WILLIE NELSON'S
"THE SCIENTIST" PLAYS ]
♪ COME UP TO MEET YOU ♪
♪ TELL YOU I'M SORRY ♪
♪ YOU DON'T KNOW
HOW LOVELY YOU ARE ♪
♪ I HAD TO FIND YOU ♪
♪ AND TELL YOU I NEED YOU ♪
♪ AND TELL YOU I SET YOU APART ♪
♪ TELL ME YOUR SECRETS ♪
♪ AND ASK ME YOUR QUESTIONS ♪
♪ OH, LET'S GO BACK
TO THE START ♪
♪ RUNNING IN CIRCLES ♪
♪ COMING UP TAILS ♪
♪ HEADS ON A SCIENCE APART ♪
♪ NOBODY SAID IT WAS EASY ♪
♪ AND IT'S SUCH A SHAME
FOR US TO PART ♪
♪ NOBODY SAID IT WAS EASY ♪
♪ NO ONE EVER SAID
IT WOULD BE THIS HARD ♪
♪ OH, TAKE ME BACK
TO THE START ♪
♪ I WAS JUST GUESSING ♪
♪ AT NUMBERS AND FIGURES ♪
♪ PULLING YOUR PUZZLES APART ♪
♪ QUESTIONS OF SCIENCE ♪
♪ SCIENCE AND PROGRESS ♪
♪ DON'T SPEAK AS LOUD
AS MY HEART ♪
♪ TELL ME YOU LOVE ME ♪
♪ COME BACK AND HAUNT ME ♪
♪ OH, WHEN I RUSH TO THE START ♪
♪ RUNNING IN CIRCLES ♪
♪ CHASING TAILS ♪
♪ COME BACK AS WE ARE ♪
♪ NOBODY SAID IT WAS EASY ♪
♪ IT'S SUCH A SHAME
FOR US TO PART ♪
♪ NOBODY SAID IT WAS EASY ♪
♪ NO ONE EVER SAID
IT WOULD BE SO HARD ♪
♪ I'M GOING BACK TO THE START ♪
[ MID-TEMPO MUSIC PLAYS ]
[ SLOW MUSIC PLAYS ]